1    When I think about the short time that we live and relate it to the periods of my life when I think that I did not use this short time.
2    When I recently thought about the hard work it takes to study, and  how one wants to try something else.  When I read a theoretical book in English that I did not understand.
3    When one's studies seem hopelessly difficult and uninteresting.  
4    [ Same as in anger.]
5    When I see children on T.V from areas devastated by drought and war.
6    Failing an examination.
7    When I feel lonely, perhaps because I have to study a lot and I am shut up in my appartment.  Nothing happens in particular because there is no time for anything else.
8    When I was not accepted as a student in finance and accounting.
9    Railway station good-bye.
10    I missed the last tram home and had to walk in the pouring rain.
11    When I had not understood anything after a lecture.
12    A case of unrequited love.
13    When I saw the list of books to read for an acccouting course, I thought " Oh God how will I ever manaage it!"
14    Marriage crises.  Boredom.
15    Last year when I worked during the Summer holidays and studied at the same time for an examination I had to repeat; my boyfriend went to Greece for a holiday for a month.
16    At the begining of a new course one is afraid of encountering problems one can not manage.  Thoughts revolve around failing the subject and the consequences it would have for the future.
17    When I failed an exam.
18    When I did not get the salary increase that I had been expecting and understood how little one's work was appreciated.
19    A close acquaintance of the family died of lung cancer.  Although it was expected, I still felt depressed.
20    The thought of having to read a boring book of 400 pages in English.
21    When my boyfriend openly let me down, preferring another girl.
22    Breaking up with a girl.
23    When my grandmother died.
24    I heard that a former superior of mine had died, I was later at home home reading about it in the newspaper and I thought of our interaction and how it was no longer possible.  The limited scope of human life is sad.
25    My grandmother died suddenly last summer.
26    My grandmother died, and my mother called me one sunday morning in the Autumn.  The way my mother told me about it, I hated her at that moment.  She sounded as if she had been waiting for the death of my grandmother.  I had lost a person close to me.  I felt guilty too as I had been bad to my grandmother of late.  I had not remained calm when she no longer understood everything so well.
27    After hearing about the death of my grandfather.  First I could not believe it, but later I wept and felt the situation was hopeless.  I felt lonely and wanted to be consolated.
28    My sweetheart left me, or rather we decided to break it off by mutual consent.  The consequences were - unrestrained weeping, feelings of loneliness, hopelessness and disconsolation.  I felt that I should find a friend, to talk to joyfully and to forget.
29    [ No response.]
30    After an exam which I failed.
31    When I realized that my girlfriend, whom I like, and I were going to separate.
32    My current work load is too much.  The feeling comes back from time to time.
33    When I think about my parents getting old.
34    [ No response.]
35    When I read a lot and did not remember anything.
36    Long illness.
37    The inability to read a book at college.
38    When I began to read a thick book, which I had a limited time to read.  Also when I have a lot of work to do and I cannot keep up.
39    When I was told that my friend's wife had cancer.
40    When I am alone in a room with no contact with anyone - loneliness drains me.
41    After an operation I had to stay in bed for a long time.
42    I wanted to be pregnant and did not succeed, so I was depressed    at every menstruation.
43    I had a long discussion on politics with an acquaintance.  He was more knowledgeable than me and I failed to explain my point of view and was misunderstood so I felt depressed and left.
44    When I left New York, and all my family and my friends behind me.
45    I feel sad about an event I can not influence.
46    I felt sad and depressed when I heard that our cat had died.
47    When I thought that it was going to be impossible for me to start studying (due to wrong information from the student advisor).
48    When I was accused of neglecting work for the wrong reasons.
49    When my ex-girlfriend and I discovered that there was a certain risk of her being pregnant.
50    I talked to my boyfriend on the phone when I was in high spirits and had a lot to tell him.  I had been looking forward to this conversation and he did not listen to me to the extent that I had anticipated.
51    When I had to leave my mother and my sister after a week's visit.
52    When I was left alone one week-end without being prepared for it.
53    When I applied for a job which I thought I had a good chance of getting, I was not even granted an interview and did not get the job.
54    When I argue with my mother about the way she treats her two children differently.
55    The elections of 1982 and 1985.  The thought of what a social democrat and communist majority could achieve, especially "worker share" funds and its extension.
56    When the result of a project work was treated nonchalantly intead of being criticized by the teacher.
57    When my half brother became seriously ill with cancer and died later.
58    When I was told that I had not been successful in getting the job I had been expecting.  I was sure that I was sufficiently qualified.
59    When I watched the T.V programme called "The living planet" and saw the far reaching environmental destruction caused by man.
60    My girlfriend who had spent 6 months abroad broke off our relationship by letter.
61    When I crashed my car and it had to be scrapped then.  It was my fault and I feel depressed as I miss the car.
62    When I feel helpless after having tried to help someone without any result.
63    When I realized that I could not communicate properly with my closest friend.
64    Whenever I read or think about the way people treat animals and nature.
65    When a colleague failed to contact me at the arranged time.
66    When my daughter had problems with her friends and I could see her predicament from the window.  She was given a the cold shoulder.
67    Treatment to become pregnant with a negative result.
68    When I first heard that Tage Dannielsson had died.
69    When my girlfriend left me.
70    When my dad gives priority to my kid brother's band and his other activities.  We both play in different bands and rehearse in my parents garage.
71    When I could not do anything because of a bad back.
72    [ No response.]
73    [ No reponse.]
74    [ No response.]
75    When I failed an exam last Summer.  I had worked very hard for it and I was very disappointed thinking that it was hopeless to continue at college.  I did overreact.
76    I did not quite succeed in breast feeding my baby.
77    My grandfather died, when I was an exchange student in the USA.
78    My father gave money to my brother but not to me.
79    When my grandmother died. I had lived with her for ten years.
80    My boy-friend an I seperated on his initiative.
81    My father had a complicated operation. A long time before and also a long time after that, we did not know how he would get over it. During all that time I felt very sad.
82    Talking to a very good friend who had just had a very bad experience which was changing his whole way of looking at life etc.
83    When my dog died.
84    At a lack of love of my father for my mum, sadness for him more than anyone else because he does not realise how much love and happiness there could be between them, and is, and how much he is damaging himself apart from mum.
85    My sister won a scholarship to Norway and it was particularly as she walked across the tarmac to get on the plane and she looked back at us.
86    Watching an old lady running up the street to catch her bus and miss it, it reminded me of my own mother and how dreadful it would be to be her in the same situation.
87    When a close friend died.
88    When the guy I was in love with told me that he had met someone else and that we would not meet again for a year.  Although we did not have a steady relatioship, we were having an affair.
89    [ No response.]
90    When my ex-boyfriend and I separated.
91    At set-backs.
92    [ No response.]
93    [ No response.]
94    When I woke up after a nightmare.
95    When I heard that a good friend had committed suicide.
96    When I found out that I had failed to pass my exams during the term by one point.  The fact that exactly the same thing had happened last term did not help.
97    When out of work.
98    A colleague's 17 year old daughter is seriously ill with cancer and has only a year to live.  I  heard about it 6 weeks ago.
99    When I understood that my marriage was falling apart, and we decided to be legally separated.
100    When my grandfather died.
101    When I didn't get a certain job at Lillehammer which I wanted very much.
102    Being bored in school, not being able to marry and have children.
103    When my girlfriend left me.
104    Discovering that Lillehammer provided no musical environment that suits my taste, even though I had been told so.
105    When I was told that a good friend was seriously ill.
106    When an earlier friend was spreading negative rumours about me.
107    When my gradmother died.
108    The death of a close friend.
109    Realizing that school will soon be over, and we will all go different ways, perhaps never meeting again our friends from this year.
110    I was told by a good friend that we couldn't be friends any more because of his relationship with another girl.
111    When my grandmother died.
112    A very close friend left me.
113    A woman I know is slowly dying from cancer. Observing this process makes me sad.
114    When realizing that my girlfriend and myself in fact had started the process of breaking up.
115    Having to go back home form the U.S. after having been there for ten weeks to visit my brother and his family.
116    When the gear broke on my car.
117    At the death of a close relative.
118    When my grandfather died, with whom I had a very close relationship.
119    Death in the close family.
120    Got a package from my parents, without even a small note enclosed.
121    Not succeeding in a cross-country skiing competition, which I intended to win.
122    Getting to know that my uncle in America had a brain tumor.
123    Death of a close friend.
124    Talking to a pensioned and bitter "street order" policeman.
125    Not getting a job.
126    My father dying.
127    Losing close people and animals. So far, I've felt most when losing our dog in a traffic accident.
128    My sweatheart were away on a trip, and then she got problems.
129    Love problems.
130    My grandfather's death.
131    When a girlfriend left me.
132    As a ten-year-old I was at the funeral of my grand-father.  It was more the ceremonies held in the church and not really the death of my grand-father which made me sad.
133    When I am at home alone.
134    When I noticed obvious marks of old age (in a negative sense) on a close relative of mine.
135    I had drunk a couple of beers and my fiancee got angry at me.
136    I was on my way back from the Inter Rail, on board the ferry from Stockholm when my father called me at 7 o'clock to tell me that my uncle had died and that I would be seeing him off on his final journey within four days.
137    When I came to know that my grandmother had died.  She was very close to me.
138    [ Laziness makes one sad.]
139    Loneliness, being uncertain of myself in the Autumn.
140    I realized that the girl I loved had to leave me.
141    When I came to know that a girl I was fond of already had a boyfriend.
142    The death of my grandmother.
143    My father had a heart attack when I was not at home (I was still living with them).  He recovered relatively well although he had to retire (which implied relief from the stress of a small scale enterprise).
144    The long lasting illness of my grand-mother, and the changes in family relationships caused by it.
145    I made a long-distance call to people rather close to me and I thought about the sad incident that had happened to them in the near past; I knew that they were thinking about it too when I made the call.
146    When one of my cat died of a disease.
147    The death of my grandmother.
148    I had had a farewell party at the place where I had been working for a year.  That night I could not fall off to sleep.  I was sad thinking that I would not see my nice fellow workers again.
149    [ A person close to me told me that his positive regard depended on my conduct.]
150    My father suddenly fell ill and died.
151    The death of my father, even though we had not been very close to each other.
152    A young, close relative of mine died, leaving behind a baby a few months old.
153    My grandfather died, I went to the mortuary and saw the corpse.
154    My girlfriend gave me the mitten (left me).
155    When we decided, my boyfriend and I, that we would separate, I realized that he would have wanted to continue our relationship and the coming separation hurt him.
156    When my boyfriend wanted to leave me, I felt sad and melancholic.
157    I would have liked to go out to chat with some acquaintances, but I realized that I was not wanted.  I felt hurt, disappointed, lonely and deserted.
158    [ When after a night of sleeping in another's arms, one wakes alone and knows that the lonely arms of the night are not the same that one meets in the morning.]
159    A close friend of mine had not contacted me for a long time.
160    I felt sad after having had an argument with my boyfriend.  I felt that he did not understand me and that there was no point in carrying on with the relationship.
161    I got to know about the death of a close friend.
162    Estrangement from my best woman friend.  We have been going different ways for quite some time now, but the break was total when she got married as her husband is unreasonably jealous of me.
163    I felt sad at having to leave my girlfriend after constant problems and failed attempts at reconciliation.  My sadness was caused by the irreversibility of the decision.
164    When I think that I will probably never have a genuine contact with my parents.
165    We had to finish the life of our 8 year-old dog.
166    [ When I am, in my opinion, not understood correctly. ]
167    I tried to talk to my parents over the phone, as I wanted to go home for the week-end and I knew that I would not be able to bear it.  I tried to reduce the gulf and the conflict between us by talking in order to unite our worlds.  Result : hysterical mess, blinding and blaming.
168    My child, unexpectedly started acting in a restless and disturbing way at school.  In addition his performance at school weakened.
169    The breaking up of a long lasting relationship.
170    When my friend did not pass the high school graduation examinations.
171    A relationship in which I had put my trust, broke up.  I was sad when I realized how easy it is to forget something that one had once regarded as great and significant.
172    When our dog died.
173    The last time I felt sad and disappointed was when I did not do as well as I had hoped in one of the final exams.  As compared with the earlier exams, the questions, I think, were unjust.
174    Being away from a very close friend, I was away from Finland for a year as an exchange student.
175    I could not meet my love, after having waited for a month, due to illness.
176    After my boyfriend and I had separated.
177    When my grandfather died, I saw my grandmother crying against my aunt's shoulder (I had never seen my grandmother cry before).
178    When I had to move away from home to study, and I knew that I would not be coming back home for a long time.
179    The breaking up of a relationship.  We decided that the relationship could not carry on, so it was no surprise to me. And anyhow, I had known it would happen sooner or later.
180    My best friend had a relatively severe illness.  I was sad because she was suffering.
181    When my grandmother died of cancer.
182    When my grandfather died.
183    My guinea-pig had been ill for a couple of days.  One evening, when I came home I enquired as to how it was doing.  My mother's expression told me that it had died.  My knees refused to support me and I began to weep convulsively.
184    When my sister left to go home, in Sweden, after the Christmas Holidays.
185    The death of a close relative.
186    The fact that my mother is getting married again (my mother and father divorced about 15 years ago) means that she will probably move to Turku, and our home, which is a one family house, will be sold (I myself have not been living at home for the past six years).
187    I was on a class excursion, by boat to Stockholm.  At night my class mates prepared to clebrate their motive in life which was "life is merriment".  I felt depressed about the way they sought happiness.
188    I was sad when I saw that a beautiful girl was not attainable.
189    I worked for seven months in a factory, and made friends with a fellow worker.  Later, I visited my former fellow workers and was told that, while in the army, my friend had shot himself.
190    I lead a rather secure life.  The only thing I can remember is a song from the nineteenth century which is against alcohol.  Both the melody and the word (although naive) effected my emotions.
191    When I heard about the death of Frantois Truffaut, the French motion  picture director, on the radio.  I had planned to go and see his last film.
192    When my car froze, and I could not start it.
193    When my grandmother died of cancer.
194    Christmas Eve: there was a tension between my parents, they did not even try to restore a harmonic atmosphere. Mother stayed in her room almost the whole day. I felt alone and was very sad.
195    When I was six years old, my favourite cat died.
196    I heard that a friend had died in an accident; group situation: suddenly a friend came in and said "Have you already heard that..."; there was a terrible consternation, silence, then everybody shouted excitedly "How could that happen...".
197    A friend of mine, who had repeated a year at school once before, did not pass the final examination and had to take it again half a year later.
198    A good friend quitted me after he had behaved in a strange manner.
199    My favourite horse died. We had tried our best to save him, but it was hopeless, he had to be shot.
200    My mother's death.
201    During the Christmas holidays, I went to see my parents and stayed with them for two weeks. After two or three days, we had the same conflicts we had had ten years before when I had lived with them. They were glad when I left.
202    A person died (not really a friend).
203    When my girlfriend told me that she wanted to leave me.
204    After I had lived with my boyfriend in a foreign country for half a year, I saw that it was impossible for me to stay with him (for economic reasons). We separated although I loved him.
205    When I was eight years old my father was run over by a car. When I saw his body I was sad beyond words.
206    In 1977, my grandfather, to whom I had a very close relationship, died.
207    When my aunt, whom I had loved very much, died. When I heard about her death, I was not as touched as at the funeral. I really became conscious of her death at that moment.
208    I had to leave my girlfriend for 4 weeks because of my studies. This happens frequently. The last 24 hours before my departure are always very depressing.
209    Death of my grandmother.
210    When the grandmother of my friend died in a hospital. My friend was crying and I was sad, too.
211    When my grandfathers died and I realized how much I would miss them.
212    Several years ago my brother died in an accident. When I heard about it, I was very sad. It took years until I resigned myself to it.
213    I met some nice people during my holdidays. When they left I knew that I would never see them again.
214    When my uncle died whom I had loved very much. I was very sad and I felt totally helpless.
215    When I was younger I was very good in apparatus gymnastics. I always won in competitions, but once I was only at the fourth place.
216    My little cat which I had raised all by myself, hanged itself when playing in the garden.
217    When I was a child I had a grass-parakeet I liked very much. His legs were crippled so that he could not move very fast. Once I came into the room, did not notice him and stepped on him. A few days later he died.
218    My father died unexpectedly at the age of 53 years. He certainly would have liked to live longer. I was also said because I was confronted with the fact that I would die one day too.
219    I met again a very good friend after a year and realized that there had grown a certain distance between us.
220    When my grandmother died - at her funeral.
221    My partner left me after we had been together for a long time.
222    When my grandmother died. I had a very deep relation to her (I lived with her for several years).
223    When my grandmother died.
224    After having left the company of someone who gave me a lot of support and made me laugh, found myself alone for days on end.
225    Recent break-up of seriors long-term relationship, helped along by would-be  in-laws.
226    When my boyfriend took me to his father's grave.
227    When my grandfather was sick, and died I felt more sad, though, when he was sick.
228    My grandfather died. He lived almost as a recluse not caring for himself as well as he should - Dad and we all helped as much as we could, but it didn't save him from himself. It was an unexpected death. His second de facto wife was lucky she wasn't jailed.
229    In my penultimate job I was responsible of a sections with several employers, after several years of dedication I was dismissed by a new chef, saying that I was incompetent.
230    I felt very sad when I had to give up something that by right was mine and although I didn't get it, a kind of suvenir that people don't give you the right to have.
231    The loss of the woman who loved me most till today.
232    When I heard about the death of somebody I liked very much and I was not present either to see the person or to try to share my emotions with other friends.
233    When my grandfather died. When I heard about his death, I had a bad feeling in my stomach and I felt as if I had lost something very precious.
234    Several years ago my mother died. She had been ill for a long time, but nevertheless her death came unexpectedly. I did not and I still do not want to believe that it is true.
235    A friend told me about his cousin who is my girlfriend. He said she had treated him in a mean and nasty way. I was surprised because in front of other people she had always treated him in a friendly way. I am very sad about it.
236    When my grandmother died; I had a stronger relation to her than to my mother.
237    When my grandparents moved to another part of the town.
238    My friend was pregnant, but lost her child during the second month. I went to see her at hospital - she was crying. I felt very sorry for her.
239    When my uncle died I saw a funeral for the first time. All people stood around the open grave and cried.
240    Our dog had to be shot because he had killed a roe. I liked him very much and so I could not resign myself to that. I hated the hunter who shot him.
241    My cut was run over by a car. After searching for a long time I found her lying in a kerb. I was rather shocked and angry with the driver.
242    When we were on holidays my girl-friend had to leave me after 4 weeks and I had to stay in Turkey for some more weeks because I had a job there.
243    My sister, whom I like very much, asked me for a favour which I refused her for some flimsy reason. Some time later I felt sorry for that and something like sadness.
244    Years ago on Christmas Eve I felt very sad because I realized for the first time how I missed my father who had died at Christmas Years ago.
245    I had cared for a horse for 2 years. One day it was sold and I cried for several days because I was so sad.
246    I was at home alone when I realized that a young roe approached our house. I hid because I did not want to frighten it. It limped. Some time later, when I thought that it had already run away, I saw it lying on our terrace. I came nearer and saw that it was terribly wounded. I informed the ranger who said that the roe must have been attacked by dogs. He had to shoot it.
247    I arranged with a friend to go skating the next day. He asked me to wake him up by telephone at twelve o'clock because we had come home late in the morning. Next day I called him - he was not at home. As something like that had happened to me several times before, I came to the conclusion that one cannot rely on anybody and I felt very sad.
248    A horse which I had liked very much was taken away.
249    My son's mother told me that she wanted to move to Vienna and take the child with her. This means a rather long distance for me. My whole family was sad and dumbfounded so that my own feelings were intensified.
250    Death of my father; he died of laryngeal cancer.
251    My grandfather's funeral.
252    My grandfather was seriously ill, he had only a few days left to live. I had always loved him, but never told him. When I saw him for the last time, I had the feeling that I had omitted so many things I could not do again. - There was a fly sitting on his forehead and he was too weak to drive it away. I was very sad when I saw that.
253    After some friends had come to see me. They had stayed for several days and we had got on very well. When they had left, I had a feeling of emptyness.
254    I had to give up my love, because it did not work out well.
255    When I was 9 years old, I got a cat, but after 3 days he died. I was very sad, because I had nursed him and taken him to the veterinary's - but in vain. Although I had had him only for a short time I had liked him very much.
256    When my flute-teacher was replaced by a new one.
257    Often a dog which is treated very badly by his owner comes to us.
258    When my father died.
259    A friend who was 22 years old died.
260    My dog died of a cerebral tumor.
261    When my brother died.
262    A relative, whom I like very much, left for the United States.
263    My dog, whom I had had for eleven years, died. I watched his soporification.
264    My uncle died - I felt sad at the funeral.
265    During my holiday I met again a friend who had tried to commit suicide. She had just left hospital, her lips were trembling, she looked miserable.
266    A friend died of cancer when he was 18 years old.
267    It was only once that I really felt sad: at my grandfather's funeral (after a long time of suffering he had died of cancer).
268    I am sad because some relations to friends are not very good.
269    A friend breaking up with her boyfriend.
270    Loss of close relative.
271    A girlfriend ended our relationship in an abrupt and unexpected manner.
272    Death of a parent.
273    While walking through an old mining area, I unwittingly disturbed a wallaby which, in its resultant flight, accidentally fell down a deep mine shaft. On investigation it seemed uninjured, but it was impossible for the wallaby to get out, and also for me to get it out of the shaft. To prevent its suffering a slow death, I shot it.
274    When I found out that a person I went to school with had died in a car accident.
275    Leaving Melbourne to move interstate - leaving relatives and friends behind.
276    Girl I was fond of did not initiate conversation as I expected in tutorial.
277    The death of my twin sister - suicide.
278    I was alone in my parents' house, having made plans to spend the afternoon with a lover (plans which the lover cancelled), watching a movie and considering my life and circumstances - pressures of examinations in particular.
279    Watching "11 am". They had a programme on the starving refugees. Their plight was a source of sadness for me.
280    Death of paternal grandmother to whom I was very close - died of cancer.
281    When I left my sister's house after staying there for a few days. She has two little boys, and they are very warm people (the family). At the time, I was in need of this sort of contact, and I grew very fond of children (no, I'm not a paedophiliac).
282    My mother died of cancer after a 4 year illness - I think the most pregnant moment of sadness was the next morning, just as the sun rose.
283    At rejection / being ignored by a loved person held in great esteem.
284    Death of grandmother.
285    At the funeral of a friend about 20 years old, who was killed in a hit-and-run motorcycle accident.
286    The loss of my father as he died of a massive and sudden heart attack.
287    Death of the family dog.
288    Leaving the house myself and a female friend had shared for 6-8 months because of the friendship which developed and our approach to each other in occasional instances of several personal crises.
289    Looking up end-of-semester results, and finding I'd failed three out of seven (subjects).
290    After training for an Australian championship competition for a year and then injuring myself 2 weeks before the competiotion.
291    Shifted from Melbourne to Brisbane. All my old school friends gave me a party and I had to say good-bye to them all.
292    I was terribly upset when my kitten got hit by a car. He didn't die, but for several weeks we thought he might have to be put down.
293    At end of school - function to "celebrate" ? Leaving friends who I'd known for up to 12 years.
294    A friend of mine is having psychiatric problems because of his mother's death ages ago. He is really quiet and because it relates back to his childhood I feel sadness for him. He doesn't lead a normal life and it just seems unfair.
295    My father died last year after an 8-week severe illness.
296    Passing away of my father.
297    When I left all my friends at school (break up) knowing we would probably all go our separate ways, and none see one another for a long time.
298    I broke up with my boyfriend of seven months, but it was a very "indepth" relationship and so after feelings of grief and loss were over I felt an immense sadness.
299    Thinking about friends overseas.
300    At our Senior dinner - separated from school friends, nothing will ever be the same again.
301    When my father died.
302    When my father passed away of cancer, I was extremely saddened. He was not very old, which made matters worse. The actual death was horrendous, but the moving funeral saddened me more so.
303    When one of my closest friends died unexpectantly.
304    When felt lonely about writing my family.
305    The first time I left home.
306    Close relative is dying of cancer - found out last week.
307    After the fact that made me ashamed I felt sadness.
308    To fight with a sister and to know that she doesn't care.
309    I felt it when I was at home and saw a discussion without sense between my parents.
310    The death of my grandfather.
311    When my team lost a championship.
312    I got separated from the man I loved.
313    When I got separated from the man I loved so much.
314    When my friend (girl) went abroad for two years.
315    I was alone at home on New Year's Eve.
316    Unrealisation of the desired profession (aviator).
317    Death of grandfather (unexpected).
318    I left my home in Melbourne to come to Q'land to study and before I hopped in the car I hugged my mother and shook hands with my father. Sensing immediately my father's sadness, I also had a flood of the same emotion.
319    As a child - having a dog - it getting a disease and dying.
320    Having to decide on a termination of a pregnancy, after discussing it with friends, family and the man involved.
321    Upon moving away from home for the first time to a different city, I felt no longer "under the wing" of my parents even though they would always be there to help me. I felt a sense of loss, I was now all alone in the world, responsible for my own actions.
322    A very close friend from Victoria visited me over the holidays. Having enjoyed his company immensely over 10 short days, I was overwhelmed by sadness when he left to return to Victoria.
323    When my son was diagnosed as having CEREBRAL PALSY, at age 5. He would have to endure so much labelling, stigma and discrimination, even though his case was relatively mild.
324    My mother left my father for his best friend, and he moved to Papua New Guinea. Despite the fact that I am closer to my father than to anyone else in my family, I had to move in with my mother, and say good-bye to my father, not knowing when I would see him again.
325    Leaving home to move closer to University. As an oldest child, this experience was traumatic for both my parents and myself.
326    When my family heard that my Mother's cousin who lives in England wrote us to tell that he had cancer of the lymph glands.
327    I don't know why suddenly I thought that what I was feeling for my boyfriend was not really love. After almost three years being together, this matter of fact shaked me and I felt a great sorrow that I can call sadness.
328    When my grandmother died.
329    Some colleagues decided to go out on a Saturday not inviting me to decide either the place nor the time.
330    I felt sad when I was despised by another person.
331    I couldn't sleep, and began to remind of my childhood. We are many sisters and at that time we were spanked a lot and I don't know why I started to remind of the spanks they and I had had, their shouts when this happened.
332    When I applied for the college entrance examination to FUVEST, and I wasn't approved in the second fase.
333    It happened when I lost two very intimate friends in a car accident.
334    When I couldn't go for a trip with my friends in a holiday.
335    During an informal talk with a friend when we talk about the life of another person, a common friend, that is in a situation of not being able to assume certain problems that he decided to solve, that is, she herself suggested the problems and decided to solve them but didn't get it until the moment.
336    When I became conscious that men don't wnat anything they don't have a goal. They have: sex, but this isn't important.
337    When I knew almost the same day about two great friends of mine that had serious existential crisis, and mainly when I notice that I'm in the same situation that they are, but I didn't realize it.
338    When my grandmother, my second mother died.
339    To buy a car and didn't like the business and the car.
340    A friend of mine lent me his apartment for holidays and besides this he was a fine person. Months later I knew that he died tragically in a moto accident. He was very young, and I felt sad and couldn't believe it (until today).
341    When I knew that a person that I liked very much didn't react the way I would like to, even that I knew about his feelings for me.
342    When I was betrayed by a friend, and decided to stay apart form her.
343    I remember the day my father died. I was 11 years old and my sadness was so great that until today I remember everything about that day, from the clothes I was wearing to the reactions of people, the despair of my mother and brother. It marked me a lot and was the greatest sadness I felt.
344    My fiancT's family was adopting a 5 years old boy. I felt myself close to him as I never felt before. After some time his mother demanded the care of the kid and we were obliged to send him back.
345    When I deeply felt that I could lose the person I love best because of my foolishness.
346    When I try to get closer at a person and she misinterpreted me.
347    The second time I went to the entrance exam to V.S.P. and didn't get approved.
348    Last year, when I took the college entrance examinations I failed the FUVEST. It was for me the most frustrating situation because I had studied all year long, and only thought about this.
349    When I was 10/11 years old my father travelled very much for his work (he passed three months away from home).
350    In the 12/83 my boyfriend asked me to forget him, as it would be easy.
351    A close friend travelled to another country. When I knew that he would only come back after many years, I felt very sad.
352    When on Christmas day my grandmother died. I received the news when I was coming back from a party on the 24th at 5 am.
353    A dear friend was removed from the division whre I work.
354    When I knew about my sister's in law finacial situation and what she was facing.
355    I felt very sad when I saw the first list from the names of the people who entered at the University and my name wasn't there.
356    When I didn't succeed to enter at the University, I felt that the college entrance course sistem prejudiced me, that my integrity, and effort weren't corresponded.
357    When my boyfriend was changing his behavior there was something wrong, I felt sad, because it's desagreable when a relationship is ending.
358    When I felt alone and without love.
359    When I noticed that I do many things to the pregiudice of myself.
360    When my dog died.
361    My brother wanted me to buy a flute with him but I didn't accept afterwards I regretted it because he became sad.
362    The day that the results of the college entrance examinations for the S. Paulo University were published and I didn't find my name on the list. Entering this University was my greatest wish, and  the fact of not having succeded caused a great frustration, and not only sadness.
363    I felt sadness when I notice that I'm not important for a determinate person. We do many things for a friend, and we see soon after, that he doesn't do anything for us, nor thinks of us.
364    I am always sad when my boyfriend goes away. He lives and studies in an other city. We have gone steady for 2 and 1/2 years and everything is going very well, but sometime this situation makes me feel bad and very lonely.
365    One night a very dear person said: "I hate you". Of course it was an impulse and this person didn't feel that about me. The person expressed regret, and everything was settled, but I can't forget.
366    When my grandmother died.
367    One day I heard from a friend that the boy I loved had gone out with her and not with me.
368    One of the greatest sadness was when my grandfather died, because I loved him very much.
369    For not having succeded in getting the job as a translator that I wanted.
370    After a disagreement between my parents, when I was alone with my father and my sister, the aggression continued, when my father tried to put me and my sister against my mother revealing facts that had happened in the past like a talk between my father and his mother in law where she told him that my mother was not quite save.
371    I was watching television. It was about midnight when a very dear friend called saying that his father had died in an accident.
372    When I thought for an instant that a very good relationship with a person had finished.
373    In a social situation I became interested in a woman. We talked, we laughed, we enjoyed each other. She desappeared for a few minutes, and a little after appeared with an other man.
374    When I felt lack of aid from close friends.
375    I didn't get the job I wanted.
376    When I got separated from the woman I loved.
377    I feel sadness from the fact that I was not born with a better appearance.
378    The sudden death of one of my parents.
379    Getting separated from my family for a week caused me a sense of sadness.
380    I feel sadness when I only imagine that I could lose a close person. Some time ago I lost a man whom aI greatly respected.
381    When I left my boyfriend. I found another girl at his home but he did nothing to relieve the situation.
382    I got separated form my closest friend. He went to work abroad.
383    I saw a friend of mine who had suffered a very heavy contusion after an accident.
384    When I couldn't find my dog which was missing.
385    A close friend decided to stop with his study and to go back home.
386    I felt sadness when I had to get separated from the woman I loved who had to leave for her motherland.
387    My living and working conditions at home were unbearable. We used to live in a three room flat together with two more families. The discords caused a change - one of the families moved out. The other family stayed with us but I drifted away from my fiancT. In fact we were two families in the flat. Then I found myself alone in the struggle for this life because my fiancT did not stay next to me my grief and sorrow took on large proportions. I wanted to commit suicide but instead I threw myself against the cause of the irritation.
388    A sudden doubt made me run for a long time in a rainy autumn night. When I reached the intended place I saw my beloved in another man's arms. A sudden blow, grief, I cannot qualify it, it is painful for me to remember about it.
389    When I quarrelled with my boyfriend.
390    When I had stayed abroad for a long time and I had remembered about my friends and relatives. I felt sad and I wanted to see them as soon as possible.
391    For the loss of a close friend or relative, but you feel grief when you are away from home, too.
392    I couldn't be with a girl on whom I was very keen.
393    The loss of a very good friend.
394    I feel sad when I see things done against men and nothing could stop it - at least I think so.
395    When my grandfather died.
396    My brother is a soldier. He promised to come home in a furlough but in the last moment he phoned and said that he could not come.
397    We are several friends but our characters are very different and we inevitably split in the two extremes. It is sad that I myself don't know what to do, I try not to hurt either of the "parties" because there are conflicts to which one I should belong.
398    Sometimes I experience sadness for the Sports High School and for my unrealized dreams in the sport. Anyway there I spent six years of my life.
399    Guy I cared for went back to Canada to live.
400    My brother in law was dying of cancer. To see him wasting away was very sad.
401    A boy I look after for the probation service deliberately offended to provoke a reaction from the police.
402    I was driving near my girlfriend's house and I decided to keep going because it was late and I would be back in the next few days anyway. The next day she was killed in a road accident.
403    When, for example, I left for the first time my parents and I went to live in Sofia.
404    Recently I happened to remain alone for a long time.
405    Feeling unable to preserve one's ideas and ambitions as innocent as they are when you are young.
406    Getting separated from my girlfriend.
407    After the loss of a close relative.
408    When one is alone and knows that all the others are celebrating.
409    Sometimes, when I'm alone I am seized by this feeling. But it always helps me to come round and at the same time to judge if it is worth. Very often this feeling is caused to me by people - friends who I love and respect.
410    Summer, heavy rain, storm - I was standing with my face stick to the window: the childhood, something was going away forever this summer, I was leaving my home, I was going to study in another town, for the first time I was leaving my parents, friends, I had to manage myself, a long and loved period of my life was over - I was crying.
411    When the man I loved decided to leave me forever.
412    The thought that I'll never sit at the school desk again, caused a deep grief at the end of my eleventh form.
413    My son lives with my parents in the country and I feel this feeling always when leaving for Sofia, but the last time it was quite strong.
414    When I left a man in whom I really believed.
415    At an unjust insult or injure.
416    When I am alone and listen to a song which I like very much and which I had listened before together with friends.
417    I felt sadness when I remembered my former boyfriend with whom I got separated an year ago and when comparing him with my present one with whom things are not much of a success.
418    My grandmother died.
419    Some months ago my wife gave birth to twin sisters. She had no idea of looking after babies and she felt quite oppressed. The fact that I couldn't help her caused grief to me.
420    From the fact that my husband and I are not in good terms.
421    At an irrevocable loss (with respect to human relations).
422    At a prolonged separation with my family.
423    My son lives in the country. I feel sadness when I see mothers having walks with their children.
424    Alone I am coming back home in the night after the serial "explanation".
425    I lost a close friend.
426    When I feel I must be with somebody, to talk with somebody - but I am alone.
427    It happened that I was alone - with no contacts with friends.
428    When my dog was stolen.
429    When I failed at the first entrance exam.
430    Sadness - this is an emotion which I have felt very often recently. I can't remember a concrete example. I will describe my general impression from severl situations which evoked this feeling in me.
431    For the girl who halped me go on living and made me happy - when I don't see her even for two or three days.
432    Sadness, no, I felt something much stronger when my father died.
433    The loss of a person I loved very much.
434    I felt sad when my first boyfriend and I left each other. It was neither his fault nor mine.
435    Years ago I fell in love for the first time. as natural for every school-girl I was day-dreaming. Later (after 3 years) we left each other. No one was to blame but I felt deep sadness. Even now I remember about it quite often.
436    My boyfriend is a soldier. He was on a leave. I felt sad when we had to get separated again.
437    When my first boyfriend left me. I tried not to let him understand I felt miserable.
438    This feeling was quite deep when my friend (girl) died in a car accident.
439    The loss of a close relative who was ill with cancer.
440    When you are far away from relatives and friends. I feel sad for my early years, for the freedom and the carefree years of childhood.
441    When I part with my friends I feel always sad for some time. I can't remember a concrete example now. For example I have just parted with a friend of mine and I am feeling sad.
442    When I quarrelled with a very close friend of mine.
443    I met a girl some time ago and I cared very much about her but it happened so that we left each other. I felt some sort of sadness, I think I can call it so.
444    When my mother and father were on an excursion in Chechoslovakia and I was at a student camp and I heard over the radio about the events that were taking place there.
445    I felt sad when a friend of mine died and I felt that something had irrevocably gone away from me.
446    Always when I get separated from my friends and relatives from my home town.
447    After my father's death.
448    When my first girlfriend an I left each other.
449    When I got separated from my first love.
450    The funeral of a friend who was killed in a car accident. She was of my own age, there were many of my own friends present, as well as her family etc.
451    When I saw my niece (5 yrs) crying in the hallway for her mother who had passed away about a month ago.
452    Felt sad about some street kids in QUEII square, Aotea square. Because they had been sniffing glue and some were very young. I went into the role of a performing clown.
453    When my father a 4th/5th generation colonial (from Eng.) attacked me verbally about my chosen partner. A man whom he discarded because his colour skin was not white. His ultimate disgust saddned me.
454    My dog of 16 and 1/2 years - "Lord Grey" died in his sleep - His death caused me more and deeper sadness than I thought.
455    When my grandmother died very suddenly without warning.
456    I had been living in an overseas city and made the decision to leave the city and come home about 12 months before I met a whole new set of friends, leaving them at the airport was sad and traumatic as they had helped me in many ways and I knew I wouldn't see many of them again.
457    When my grandmother, who has been living with us for 14 years, had a stroke and was left paralysed on one side. She has been quite close to our family and to see her suffer in this way makes me feel really sad.
458    So as to be closer to the university I have left home and moved into Auckland. It now seems as if I have left home - especially my family - forever.
459    When my sister (really my niece) died of cancer at the age of 2 yrs after I took her to the doctor at the age of 1 and he diagnosed it.
460    This occurred when my girlfriend and I have to finish our relationship due to some circumstances between her and her family. I was really sad, hurt and couldn't really find any reason why am I still living. Is this life is all about ? This was one of few question which crept up vividly every time I thought about what had happened.
461    When boyfriend could not stand up to his mother or for himself.
462    My father died. I was away at the time and did not know until two days after.
463    After my father died suddenly of a heart attack.
464    The saddest I've ever been was when my lover was killed, hitch-hiking to work.
465    Sitting in a bus, I heard behind, the voice of a girl I was friendly with. After her talking for some time with another girl I decided it wasn't her in fact that someone miming her, which it was when I finally looked. I was talking to a friend at the time.
466    When my grandmother died - I wasn't sad so much that she'd died because she was old, but because she lived in the last few years in an old people's home and had nothing very much that was hers - no chair, or private space, and when I went to visit she would be sitting in the "lliving" room the TV room. It was hopeless. And I felt awkward so I didn't go and I was sad 'cos how I couldn't.
467    When the girl whom I have lusted after expressed reciprocal feelings and then days later changed her mind.
468    The death of an animal we had reared.
469    My cat was sick and I had to take him to the vet to be put down - no one else there to do it.
470    My girlfriend let me down badly 3 times in one week. These instances summed up all the negative aspects of our relationship which at the time seemed doomed to fail.
471    Departure of a very close friend - for a long stay overseas, sharing in the sorrow of her parents who were left behind.
472    Listening and watching a tape of someone with AIDS being prejudiced against at a counselling course on AIDS with 20 others.
473    Death of brother.
474    My paternal grandmother had died. We weren't close but she was blood. I didn't cry but I was sad, partly due to her death and partly I think, due to the fact that I couldn't/didn't cry.
475    I was in a car accident on the way back from a weekend rowing regatta we'd won. 5 others were in the car. I thought I'd never be able to row again.
476    When my mother died.
477    I felt sad with the two situations I described before. The cat and the school. Sadness was intermingled with the other feelings.
478    Enrolling at varsity, being told I couldn't get in to certain papers.
479    When someone I was close to became a paranoid schizophrenic and I was unable to see this person because of the situation.
480    At the death of my husband's father's mother which occurred during university examinations and therefore I was unable to attend her funeral.
481    On rising. No apparent reason.
482    When my uncle died of leukemia at age 35.
483    My mother was unwell and went for many cancer tests. She spent time in hospital being opened and closed many times.
484    When grandfather died.
485    Close friend leave to go overseas for an indefinite period. Farewell scene at airport.
486    Watching suffering in Third World country.
487    My cat died painfully and slowly.
488    While still at school a friend died of cancer, after being ill for a long time, she was 17 yrs old.
489    When my grandfather whom I had met only once for 3 weeks, died after several months. I was really sad because he was a lovely person and I did not have the means for his company.
490    When I learned that my former boyfriend had become engaged - although I was glad that he had found what he wanted, I was very sad at my own personal loss, since I had always hoped we might one day reconcile.
491    This sounds really predictable and usual but it was absolutely heart-rending at the time. My first lover (I was 15) just rang up one day and announced that he had found another woman. I never saw him again and it hurt because I was positive that it was "TRUE LOVE" !!
492    I found a baby opposum on the road and took it home and cared for it for a week. It had to be force-fed and carried in a fur pouch under my jersey. My father had the vet put it to sleep as he said they carried diseases.
493    When I got into an argument with someone and was very abusive, but they were a close friend and I later regretted it.
494    A) A documentary in which baby fur seals were being clubbed/spiked to death by Canadian seal-hunters. Brutally graphic.B) Description of a disfigured orphaned child in Hiroshima calling for her mother.
495    My father recently having a heart attack - spending a few months in hospital.
496    Caused a family disturbance.
497    Social situation - at the pub - a close friend of 2 years told the group around us of advances I had made.
498    Hearing of the death of a friend who had been skiing.
499    A person I really like left for overseas for a few months, I had hoped to go out with her soon.
500    When a very close friend of mine went into hospital for a major operation and I couldn't see her for a while as I was not a relative she had no relatives in N.Z.
501    At the beginning of the year I moved to a new city - I felt sad as I had to leave many friends and family members behind.
502    At my grandfather's funeral - My grandparents virtually raised me as my mother was a solo-parent and had to work.
503    When I was told a friend's baby had been born with only partial sight. This was her first child and she was not young (the mother that is).
504    When my grandmother died. She stayed with us until I had the age of 10. When she died I was 13 and I remember the moment after the funeral: I sat on the table and cried.
505    When the relationship with my girlfriend broke up.
506    It was a complex situation concerning a relationship with a boyfriend, I had broken the relationship for some reasons. Meanwhile, as I felt it, I had most sorrow.
507    My boyfriend decided to make an end to our relationship.
508    I was very sad when my first boyfriend finished our relationship.
509    Tonight in bed when I realised how bad my relationship with my friend was.
510    Losing my girlfriend who made an end to our relationship. By this I lost an important source of support, certainty and joyful moments. I cried very intensly when that happened.
511    When they gave away my dog to other people without my knowledge.
512    [ The same as in guilt.]
513    The day I left my first girlfriend.
514    I was forced to leave an unforgettable friend.
515    When my dog died.  I had reared it for nearly three years.  It had been ill for several days and had not eaten anything.  One morning I found it dead.
516    I partly colored my hair black. My mother didn't like it and reproached me to be a "subversive element". Later on she stated that this was due to my friends. As I see it, this all resulted from colouring my hair.
517    When my grandmother died, her life was heavy and her last hours were terrible.
518    I had to leave Den Helder and all friends and acquaintences, after having spend two weeks there with my friends.
519    When my last relation broke up.
520    My sister was in coma for 3 months (due to a train accident). Now her brainfunctions are disturbed. She will never be able to walk and she can hardly talk.
521    My mother was stuck by an apoplectic fit, was hemi-paralyzed and suffered an aphasia.
522    I felt very sad when my boyfriend wanted to break our relationship. Our relationship lasted two years, we shared everything and all this was finished.
523    My boyfriend with whom I had a longlasting relationship, fell in love with another girl, then he asked me something which implied that he loved that girl more than he loved me.
524    I felt very sad when I left home because I could not stand it any longer. I do not regret it, but I missed my little sister very much (and she missed me). These feelings wear off over time.
525    The disease and subsequent death of a close acquaintance. Sadness was accompanied with feelings of powerlessness (I also experienced sadness in the situation described under guilt).
526    When a friend died.
527    When a close friend took leave of me, because she went to Israel for one year.
528    I was together with my family one night, a few days after my father had died, during that conversation I expressed my displeasure because nobody understands me.
529    When a friend, after being free of drugs for half a year, started using them again.
530    Watching a football game. This remindes me of the time when my father was still alive and when we watched football games on TV together.
531    A younger brother of a good friend of mine died (asthma).
532    During the funeral of my grandmother, when I saw my mother and other family members crying.
533    My father suddenly fell ill. He stayed for 3 months in the hospital: the last month on intensive care of the Academic Hospital, then he died.
534    When I caused much pain and sorrow to my boyfriend by finishing our relationship.
535    I was in a hopeless situation in a dirty place. No study, no work, only loneliness.
536    When it suddenly appeared that our dog was dangerously ill and probably would die. We had not expected this because he was always very healthy. Fortunately he survived because we, in turn, gave him medicines during the night.
537    I suffer form a disease of my muscles. However, I cannot talk about it and my feelings, the consequence with my parents. They try to repress it.
538    When I failed the grade seven examination.
539    When my father passed away in 1978.  I was left alone with my mother who was very sick so I had to go and live with my aunt, who is very short tempered, till my mother was discharged from the hospital.
540    My elder brother had been expelled from college and he was so frustated that he attempted suicide - he drank bottle fragments.  I was very sad when I learnt this.
541    When a close relative of mine passed away, it was the first time that someone so close to me had died.
542    When an uncle of mine, who was close to me, passed away after having had a stroke, before his first daughter could be named.
543    My fiancT left me for my best friend.
544    The dying of a close member of the family.
545    I had to terminate a training because I wasn't suited for it. I was very sad about this, because I very much wanted to finish that training.
546    Disappointed love. The girl made an end to our relationship while I thought she was in love with me.
547    I have high expectations for my future but if I pursue the subject in this manner I will not attain this.
548    An uncle of mine who just retired, having worked hard all his life, got a cerebral hemorrhage.
549    When my mother was proved to suffer from a very serious disease.
550    Losing a boyfriend for the second time to my friend. He fell in love with her. The same thing happened a few months earlier with another boyfriend.
551    When my father had a cerebral hemorrhage.
552    My girlfriend left the house in which we lived together a few months ago. This made me very sad.
553    When I finished a relation after four years, leading to much sorrow for the other one and myself ("although it was the best solution").
554    My boyfriend finished our relationship when I started studying psychology in Nijegen, because then we would not be able to meet frequently anymore.
555    The end of a relationship (after 4 years) by doing this I hurt the other person very much.
556    When the mother of a good friend of mine died.
557    A good friend of mine died. During the funeral I felt an intense feeling of sadness.
558    My relationship with a boyfriend was finished and I didn't succeed a years-course.
559    The death of my mother-in-law after a long sick-bed. at the moment of dying I was with her.
560    I had this feeling when my parents distroyed a relationship with a boy because they thought he was bad and irresponsible.
561    A sudden end to the relationship with my first girlfriend.
562    I was very sad when I had to leave persons with whom I had a very intense relationship I also had to leave the environment which was part of this.
563    When my best friend got a boyfriend. Because of this a relationship of ten years was finished abruptely.
564    A very close friend of mine died. I read it in the newspaper. I didn't know what to do and thought about it the whole day.
565    When my gradmother died.  I felt very sad then ... The feeling started to be worse after a while.
566    I hadn't been at my parent's place for a long time. When I went to visit them I had high expectations, but when I was there it was very different from what I expected.
567    There is a boy who I love very much. I asked him to have dinner with me, but he refused I don't know why he didn't go with me, but I felt very lonely.
568    When I noticed that my parents were not in such a prosperity as most people in my surroundings.
569    I had a quarrel with a good friend about the fact that I didn't pay her a visit when she expected me to come. Hereafter I was very sad because it became a real quarrel.
570    When my girlfriend decided to finish our relation.
571    When I realized that it did not make much sense to start a relationship with a girl who was not very constructive to establish a firm relationship.
572    I felt very lonely, was very dissatisfied with myself when I realised that I could feel very jealous of other women because of my boyfriend.
573    I felt very sad when I heard that a friend had committed suicide.
574    Recently I felt very sad without any reason. It lasted for a few days. There was nothing I liked in that period.
575    We had to take our cat to the vet for mercy killing (an injection).
576    When a good friend with whom I had an intimate relationship made clear that he didn't want to continue in the same way. He choose his girlfriend (also a friend of mine).
577    My dear hamster (called Hannes) died at the age of 2 and 1/2 years. His shape forced me to mercy killing (an injection).
578    One night I was called and told that the father of a close friend died. When I visited my friend at home and when attending the funeral I felt very sad.
579    My mother unjustly became very angry with me and sent me to my room while my father explained that the way she saw things was not correct. I had done things with the best intentions.
580    I had a good relationship with two friends. Once without reason, they clearly showed that they thought I was naive, dull and unable to take care for myself, while I expostulated that I could manage things.
581    I finished the relationship with my boyfriend, after having felt myself very unhappy for a long time.
582    When I failed the entrance exam to IMEC.
583    When my basket ball team lost the qualification at a final.
584    I was to meet a girl in a discotheque.  She was very pretty and I was very happy.  But she did not turn up.  Thank God, there were some other friends there and I was able to have a more or less good time.
585    When I had an argument with a friend.
586    A friend of mine called me when I was not at home.  I phoned her back to know what she wanted and she told me that she had dialled the wrong number.
587    The death of a friend.
588    When I learnt that a boy I liked had been with a girl for three years.
589    When I learned that a friend of mine had not been speaking to her boyfriend for a week after an argument because of unfounded jealousy.
590    When I saw the pictures of the draught in Etiopia.
591    When I heard the last regulation of the socialist govrenment concerning pensions.
592    When my parents got divorced.
593    When I failed two subjects last year.
594    When I learned that two of my friends had had a serious car accident.
595    All my friends arranged to go for an afternoon snack and they did not tell me.  They told me that they did not have my phone number but I do not think that this was true.
596    [ Depressions.]
597    A class-mate died after being two months in coma, after a car accident.
598    When my grandmother died.
599    The death of a relative, friend, or someone I esteem.
600    When my dog died.
601    When a class-mate died.
602    A friend of mine who was driving a car ahead of me died in a car accident.
603    When summer is over and I have to leave the town where I spend my holidays.
604    When my parents did not let me go on a study tour.
605    I had a quarrell with my boyfriend and decided to finish with him and and my Easter holidays.
606    When my mother was operated.
607    A child, 9 years old, died in a stupid way.  He fell from a place which was 1 metre high.
608    I phoned two friends and was not able to arrange a meeting with either of them, so I had to change my plans.
609    The disqualification of two of my mates in the military service.
610    When someone in my family died.
611    When I read the diary of the girl with whom I was living, it was about another boy with whom she had been going around some time back.
612    My mother was working with a knife and we were all laughing heartily.  She was not able to control the knife and stuck it deep into her hand.
613    When I knew I had to go out with my mother on some errands.
614    When a friend of mine told me that he was going to commit suicide.
615    When I saw the film "Johnny got his gun" which deals with the consequences of the Vietnam war.
616    When they told me that my grandfather was rather ill.
617    I was having breakfast with a classmate and suddenly I began to cry as I thought of a friend of mine whom I had not seen for a long time.
618    I have a very close friend who lives in another city and we have been writing to each other for a long time.  The last time I went to her city, just to see her, I was disappointed to see how great the distance between us was.
619    [ During a summer holiday a French girl and I had becoe back home, I felt very sad.]
620    When I had to come back from my village last Christmas.
621    Moving to an unknown place, away from the familiar surroundings and into a situation of loneliness.
622    When the train taking me to my military service left the station, on the platform remained relatives, projects and goodtimes.  I had a hard year ahead.
623    I was watching a sad film and it affected me deeply.
624    When I realized that it was impossible for me to be as free as I had imagined and that I could not do anythong about it.
625    We went to visit my mother at the residence.  She was crying and said that she was about to die.  I believed all her complaints and continously thought of the possibility of loosing her.
626    I had failed some subjects in mathematics.
627    When my best friend died, at the age of 16.
628    A close friend died.
629    A certain person whom I respect and esteem a lot pays me no attention.  She keeps up appearances but shows almost no interest in me.
630    I was going away, leaving a dear person behind.
631    When I am with a friend and we have to leave each other.
632    When I saw in the newspapers, on the T.V, and magazines the chaotic situation caused by the drought and hunger in Mauritania.
633    A friend of mine was hurt as he thought that our relationship was not the same as before and something had gone wrong.
634    When I decided not to out any longer with a girl whom I liked quite a lot.  This made me feel low for a some time.
635    At my grandfather's death.
636    I received a letter from some friends, who do not live in Madrid, telling me that they would not come on holiday.  I had arranged everythiing for them.
637    At my grandfather's funeral.  I remembered that the thing he liked and respected most was earth, I thought that he had attained what he wanted and was not separated from it any longer.
638    I failed a subject despite the fact that I had studied quite a lot for it.
639    I was told that a friend of mine was going to Mexico for good.
640    To say goodbye to dear friends after the holidays.
641    The holidays come to an end, and the next day we had to go back to University and to the exams.
642    When my nephew was taken to hospital with meningitis and we did not know what would happen.
643    I was selected to do a rest for a foreign ballet but I did not have the money to do it.
644    I felt alone among a large number of people.  I was sad to see that nobody cared about what was happening to me.
645    [ No response.]
646    [ No response.]
647    The person whom I liked most left me for a friend of mine, after several months of mutual help and a profound knowledge of each other.
648    When a person whom I loved and admired a lot died.  I felt empty, lonely, helpless, without support, not knowing what to do.
649    When I went to see the result of an exam and saw that I had failed.
650    A friend of mine told me that my boyfriend had been with another girl this Summer.  We had been going out together for four years and we had not done so for the last three months.  I could not believe it.
651    When I came back from my holidays.
652    When my parents and sister went on a trip and I was separated from them for about three months.
653    One day, I was home and there was a phone call informing me that some of my relatives had died in an accident.
654    When my grandfather died.
655    When I was told that my uncle had passed away.
656    When the neighbour of a friend of mine was stabbed to death by thieves in Kabwe.  They stole his van.
657    When I lost my father on the 25th of September,1970.  He died of a sore on the leg.
658    A friend of mine could not make it back to Unza after having failed the exams.
659    When my girlfriend's nephew passed away.
660    1976, Soweto uprising in South Africa and the racist Gout's reaction to the students demands concerning the educational system.
661    When I received a message that my brother was seriously ill and was in hospital.
662    When I received a letter telling me that my mother was very ill.
663    When I got divorced from my husband after ten years of marriage.
664    I experienced this emotion when my friend committed suicide after we had spent the afternoon playing and discussing life and it's problems.
665    I felt very sad when my son died after a short illness.
666    When a friend, who has been with me at school, failed to make it to UNZA.
667    This happened when one of my uncles died just whan I was planning to go and visit him during the next holidays.
668    The day I woke up to find that a kitten I had wanted to keep had been eaten by the neighbour's dogs.  It had been locked out by my wife who claimed that it had dirtied the sheets.
669    When I heard that my nephew had passed away.
670    When I missed the chance of becoming a graduate in mining engineering, after having prayed one week in the church I was not even selected.
671    When I failed a test at my primary school.  I was then in grade 7 and we were about to take the main exam.
672    A close relative was at odds with a very powerful firm.  All his things had been taken, His dad had died a little before this event.  He gathhered his children and vowed to give them a good life with a new start - the words were hollow, he bit back his tears .....I asked to be excused and then went and cried in the loo.
673    My sister was in a hospital, later in the evening we received the information that she had died.
674    The loss of my mother.
675    When a friend left me and went back home for good.
676    When I heard about the death of my aunt.
677    One Saturday morning I had got ready to go out swimming with my friends.  Unfortunately the weather did not permit it, so we stayed indoors.
678    When I realized that I did not have the basic things needed by a student like me.
679    That afternoon I received two messages informing me, one that my brother was in a coma in the U.T.H suffering (kidney disease) and two, that my uncle met with an accident on his way to the hospital  to see my brother.
680    When my uncle died.
681    It was the time I went home for my holidays only to find that my sister had passed away.  The news had been hidden from me, so that I could take my exams.
682    When my beloved grandfather died.
683    I experienced this when my maternal grandmother passed away.  She was the last of my grand parents to pass away.
684    When my wife died in hospital, she was pregnant and had undergone an operation.
685    I saw a dead child which was not covered, it had been knocked down by a car.
686    When my close friend was involved in an accident and passed away instantly.  He had gone to buy a new car and had asked me to wait at his home so that I could see his new car.
687    My brother came to tell me about some problems we had in the  family.  I felt sad because I thought that if my mother had not gone away when this brother was younger, things would have been different.
688    When my aunt passed away in early 1982.
689    When my family and I heard of the death of my grandfather.  We had  seen him a few weeks earlier and it seemed that he had just been waiting to see us.
690    My elder sister scolded me in front of my younger sisters and cousins.  She said that I was very lazy and I felt so sad that I cried myself to sleep.
691    I lost my grandfather whom I loved very much.  I had not known that he had been ill for a very time, when I received this message he was already dead.
692    I was very sad at hearing that my grandfather had passed away.
693    When my father passed away.
694    When one of my best friends commited siucide during these holidays.
695    When my friends died one after the other.  The first died in a car accident and the second one recently, due to an illness.
696    The day my teacher of Latin and French died.
697    I remember that when my mother died the day was sad and every time I think of it I am saddened by the loss of my mother.
698    When I learnt of the death of a friend.
699    When I lost my father in a car accident.
700    When my little brother passed away mysteriously, at least from what I was told about it.
701    When my cousin passed away unexpectedly and tragically (a murder).
702    When my grandfather died.
703    When my sister died, she was only sixteen when she was put to rest.
704    This morning during my sleep I had a feeling that someboby was attacking me.  I started crying in my sleep and then my room-mate woke me up.
705    When my grandmother passed away.
706    The time I lost a badminton match, that I should have won at the Zambia closed badminton championships.
707    When my mother and father separated (it was a brief separation and they are together now).
708    I did not like it when a little girl was crying for her dead mother and was calling her by her name.  I was sad.
709    I dreamt of my father's death while I was at secondary school.  I was screaming at the top of my voice and was woken up by my friend.  That day I was really sad.
710    When my cousin passed away during the holidays at home.  He fell ill at night and the next day he died in the evening.
711    When my dad passed away.
712    When I failed one of my courses at school - the university of Zambia.
713    The death of my guardian with whom I had stayed when I did my grade six.
714    I felt very sad when a friend of mine failed the final exam and she could not be accepted at the institution of learning.
715    When I heard of the death of my mother.
716    Last academic year I received bad news - my grand-uncle had passed away.  I felt lonely and bad because apart from the         biological ties, he was a good old friend of mine at home.
717    When I lost my grandmother.  She had been my guardian after the death of my father.
718    When my elder brother died.
719    When the girl I loved turned me down.
720    When my grandmother passed away.  We had been waiting for it as she had been sick for years, but when it happened I found it hard to accept.
721    The passing away of my mum.
722    When my mum's brother passed away after having been involved in a car accident.   He was bringing me a present as I had passed my form five exams with flying colours.
723    My sister lost one of her twin sons (my first nephews) and then the older one died a week later.
724    My father resigned from work, and soon after this his elder brother died.  The next day my granny died (my mother's mother).  My dad remains the only living member of his family.
725    A break-up with someone I really liked.
726    When I heard the news of my grandfather's sudden death.
727    When I received my results and found out that I could not go to a school of my choice.
728    When my grandfather died.
729    When someone I love told me that she did not love me anymore and that she wanted all the snaps that she had given me in exchange for the ones I had given her.
730    When I received the news that my in-laws had passed away.  I depended heavily on them for their guidance and the running of their daughter's buisness.
731    My elder sister whom I love very much was leaving for the          West Indies for two years and I was staying behind.
732    When I learnt that my brother-in-law had been poisoned by his friends and that he was dead.
733    When I got a message that my child was not feeling well.
734    I was sad at the expulsion of some of my comrades during the UNZA demonstrations.
735    The same as for SHAME and DISGUST. I was asked to resign my sorority which I did because I was ashamed.
736    When I felt powerless to help the poor or when I don't know how to.
737    I did not do as well as I expected on a chemistry exam. I received a score below the average and I thought I had done very well.
738    I was watching a sunset after my latest boyfriend left me and I realized that we would never watch sunsets again, probaly never see eachother again and none of it mattered.
739    I last really felt sad when I left home for I was leaving all my long time, pre-kindergarten relationships behind.
740    When I took the B.A exams,I was expecting a 1st class even though I had not done very well. When the results came out I felt sad as I had missed the 1st class by 12 marks.
741    When my aunt died.
742    [ When family mmembers or friends blame me for something I am not responsible for.  I feel very sad as it was not my fault.]
743    [ When friends and colleagues talk bad about me.]
744    Once my friend and I got into into a hot discussion on a very controversial topic.  At one point of the argument I disagreed with her totally and I took what she was saying as an insult.  So I couter-argued and unknowingly hurt her emotionally, I felt very sad about this.
745    I tried my level best to care for my client, I took an appointment with a doctor and before meeting the doctor he expired - a poor small boy from Uttar Pradesh.
746    When my brother's visa for the U.S.A got cancelled.
747    When I received the news that my beloved grandmother had died.  I was at the boarding school and was only 13 years old.
748    When a close friend of mine who was with me in first year could not make it to the second year.
749    When I got to know that my father had passed away.
750    When I heard the news that my brother had passed away.  It was the first time that I lost a brother.
751    I remember being sad whe my aunt's child died (2 days old).
752    My younger brother and sister were involved in an accident on their way back from school and my brother was quite badly hurt.
753    When my girl went away for a holiday without saying good-bye to me.
754    When my girlfriend was afraid and anxious the day before taking her exam.
755    When I went to see the dead body of my uncle.  This was a very dramatic expreience as it was the first time that I entered a mortuary.
756    When I realized that I was in hospital after a car accident and that I had a scleral tear in my left eye.
757    When I realized the burden it was for my mother to look after all of us, all by herself.
758    When I heard that my father had been involved in a car accident in Lusaka.  This happened when he had gone to get the car which had been stolen in Lusaka.
759    When my grandmother died - having to see my mother weep.
760    When my father passed away.
761    When my grandmother passed away.
762    When my beloved uncle was shot dead by relatives.
763    When my father was imprisoned for burning the house of his younger brother.
764    When a close friend of mine collapsed and passed away and the illness was not known.
765    When my grandfather died.
766    When my brother (5th in the family) passed away.
767    When my parents separated temporarily and I was left behind with my father.  As I loved my mother I wanted to go with her.
768    A friend of mine got pregnant anf failed the first year at university.  The boyfriend refused his responsibility and they ended up in court.
769    When I first suffered from syphilis.
770    When one of my closest friends failed to make it to the third year of university.
771    I wanted something in particular and did not get it, also there was no possibility of getting it.
772    When my grandfather died.
773    When I left my part-time job.
774    I like someone who does not like me and was rude to me.
775    Could not get into the university I wanted to get in.
776    My best friend could not get into university.
777    Saying goodbye to a friend.
778    A child beaten up by his mother.
779    You ignored the fact that we could not hear you at the back.
780    China can not even give you good sound systems for an open lecture.
781    A father of 4 children killed in an accident.
782    When my boyfriend almost had a relationship with a close friend of mine.
783    After receiving the grade on the paper mentioned in FEAR.
784    When my grandmother after staying with us for awhile went back home.
785    Losing my job that I had for 4 summers. I took it personally and cried for 6 hours off and on. I wanted to hide away and did for a few days.
786    I spent a weekend in San Diego visiting my boyfriend Rob. We were at the airport and my plane was just about so leave. After saying goodbye, I boarded the plane. It was the hardest thing to do and it was a sad trip home.
787    Saying goodbye at the airport to my boyfriend who has to go to school back East. We are very close and have been together 4 years.
788    The girl I was seeing didn't want to have a serious relationship. 
789    When I was trying for a girl who I really liked and cared for and thought she felt the same way too. But she didn't like the idea and just wanted to stay friends.
790    My grandmother died during Christmas break several years ago.
791    Death of a pet rabbit. We had to give it away because my brother became allergic to it. We gave it to a man who kept animals and lots of other animals for children to watch. We went to visit our rabbit. It was badly beaten by the other rabbits and eventually died.
792    When I heard the news that my grandfather had died.
793    When I found out that I could not go to the concert (after buying the tickets) because of a biology test which occurred the morning after.
794    When I was a Sr. in HS. one of the class counselors died of hepatitis. She was very sensitive. She knew my shyness and drew me out to improve myself image. I missed her funeral - so I could not publically grieve. My parents didn't understand.
795    My friend who was in the Bago was kicked out of the sorority.
796    A close friend of the family died.
797    My grandmother died over the summer. I knew her very well, she baked great biscuits. She was in the hospital but expected to improve and go home soon. She died in her sleep.
798    When I found out that my girlfriend would not be coming back to UCB for one semester, but would be living in San Jose.
799    My roommate's sister committed suicide.
800    When my grandmother passed away.
801    I was told that a friend of a friend committed suicide.
802    When a pet died. The pet was the closest friend I had for 15 years.
803    At the end of my senior yr. in high school I found out that a friend of mine I knew had cancer had been diagnosed as terminally ill.
804    This monday I took a Math 1BS test and flunked for the second time.
805    When my mother was very sick and almost died.
806    At one point in a relationship, my boyfriend was seeing an old flame more than me. At our confrontation tears were shed.
807    When my boyfriend said he did not want to see me anymore (which turned out to be untrue).
808    When another fellow worker decided to leave the company. We had been very close and we would not be able to work with eachother any longer.
809    4 years ago my family decided to move from New York to California. From the time we decided to move until the time we left, I realized how much my friends cared for me. When we left and for a long time after that I was very sad.
810    Hearing about a friend back home that had to have his stomach pumped because he had overdosed on pills.
811    Leaving high school.
812    I asked a girl out on a date and she said no.
813    Finding out that my grandfather had died. He lived in England and I had not seen him for 10 years.
814    We got news that my (almost) 21 years old brother died while visiting Europe of a cerebral hemorhage. It finally hit me an hour after we saw his corpse in the coffin. It felt like a door between himself and everything had closed and locked forever.
815    When I did bad on a chamistry midterm which I could have done well.
816    Day time robbery of our house.
817    I felt sadness when my grandfather died.
818    My girlfriend wanted to breakup for an indefinite amt. of time. She said that she couldn't commit herself fully to the relationship without going out with other people. I was her first boyfriend.
819    Losing a pet chick. Our family had just put the chick outside a few days before and then one morning it was gone.
820    My grandfather died thirteen years ago.
821    I received a letter from my grandmother. She has obviusly suffered a lot from my grandfather's suffering health. She mentioned things she had gotten him and he would never use.
822    It made me very sad to hear that some construction company was going to build houses on the beautiful hills by my house.
823    I ran a race for the CAL track team and I did terribly and then the coach said that I should sit out for the season. I felt really sad because I wasn't going to be able to run. It was something I always had done and now I couldn't do it anymore.
824    One of my relatives became seriously ill. I felt sad because I didn't know if she will ever be the same again.
825    Recently, my sister-in-law's horse was poisoned by a plant and died. The horse was very obedient and exceptional with children.
826    My nephew's mother just left one day (my brother and she were not married). My nephew, Anthony, was shaken. I was sad for him because a similar situation happened to me.
827    I was going to go on a vacation to Texas this summer but was unable to go because of registration.
828    My mother kicked my surrogate father out and he in turn did not care for the dog, Afthur, he bought for the family. His lack of concern lead tho Arthur's death on the freeway. I loved Arthur like a brother. He was easy to talk to.
829    When I heard my grandfather's wife had leukemia I was very sad.
830    Recent break-up with my girlfriend. We had been together for over a year. I was overseas and discovered over the phone (while I was at work).
831    When I learned that my dad had cancer. I knew he was going to the hospital for some tests. My mom told me when she picked me up one weekend from CAL to take me home.
832    I felt sad when my boyfriend and I were apart for some time.
833    Since I moved into the dorms and I've been spending most of my free time with my boyfriend. I hardly see my old high school friends. I had several bad incidents with my 2 past best friends.
834    When a close friend drowned in the American River.
835    Death of my father.
836    After my little sister's Graduation from High School my grandmother became very sick. She passed away a few months later.
837    After blowing up and saying all the wrong things, I realized what I had done and hurt that person and myself.
838    When I heard my sister got in a bad car accident.
839    When my sister left home to go and live with her husband.
840    When I came to know that my feelings for someone were not reciprocated.
841    I was very sad when I could not take the M.A (I) exams due to illness, and a relative of mine disheartened me about it.
842    [ When my elders do not understand me in the right way.]
843    A close friend of mine was to get married in a weeks time when her father died of a heart-attack.  I knew him well and felt bad on hearing of his death.
844    [ I feel sad when somebody is unjust to me.]
845    When I missed my train this morning, I felt sad for some time.
846    When my sister died in a fire accident at home.
847    [ When someone tells me something that hurts me, I feel bad about it and also feel sad.]
848    My best friend got married and left her home-town to go and live in Poona.  After her wedding I felt sad.
849    When my father was ill.
850    My friend got married and went abroad, this made me feel sad and lonely.
851    When my mother scolded me for something, very insignificant, without knowing the real cause of what had happened. 
852    When I see people with burns I feel sad, actually I can not even express my feelings as I think that they must suffer a lot.
853    Two years ago my best friend died in an accident, just a day before my birthray.  We were very close to each other and I felt very sad at loosing a close friend.
854    When my husband lied to me, tricked me and when I had to leave my home.
855    When my elder sister died.
856    At the death of my friend's father and especially as this happened ten days before her wedding.
857    I put in two years of hard work and it was neither looked at nor appreciated.
858    Three weeks ago a friend of mine bid me good-bye before going abroad.  I felt happy for her as she was achieving something by making the trip, but I also felt sad as I would not be seeing her for a long time.
859    After having been ill, when I was coming back to the hostel, I felt very sad leaving home.
860    When my mother left for Kenya.
861    When my sister lost her only son, who was sixteen years old.  I felt very bad about it as this was the first death in my family and then I learned slowly to understand to life.
862    When I had to leave home to go to some other place to study.
863    I was really hoping that I would pass the examination, but I failed and so I felt very sad.
864    When I heard the news of the death of my father.  It was in the evening and I was alone all night in my room trying to remember the face of my father.
865    On the last day of my school life I was very sad, specially on the farewell party day.  I felt sad to leave behind my beloved teachers and friends.
866    When my honest intentions were marred by another's jealousy.
867    I have once been very sad and lonely.  This was when I was trying to organize a play as a student (15 years).  Instead of materializing, it fizzled out.  The worst thing was that the play fell apart completely and I found myself weeping uncontrollably.  Now when I think of it, I laugh it off; but at that time it was intense.
868    The day I was to receive my gold-medal for the M.A, my grandmother, who I loved very much, died after an illness.  She  died a few hours before the convocation.  While I was attending the convocation I had to control my grief as she would not have liked me to miss it.  It was a day she had been waiting for, but did not get to see. 
869    When India lost the Benson and Hedges cricket trophy.
870    When my beloved girlfriend got married to another person.
871    My close friend and I applied to TISS for admission last year, unfortunately he failed to get admission.  We had done our graduation together and are quite involved with each other, so we had wanted to do our Masters degree together.  However, it did not work out as we had expected it to and this saddened me.
872    When I was in Bombay one of my good friends was getting married and he had not informed me about it, this made me sad.
873    The death of Jaya Prakash Narayan caused a great deal of sadness as I believed that he was the only true democrat and a ray of hope on the Indian horizon.
874    I am filled with gloom and sadness at the death of a person.  More specifically, I felt sad after hearing the news of a death of a person who was hale and hearty and full of life, withvigour and plans for the next day but had no next day to cherish it.
875    The news of the natural calamity, an earthquake in which hundreds  of Mexican people died.
876    I was in love with a girl but had to separate from her because of different commitments concerning life and career.  I loved her as a person but could not agree with the life the future would demand.  Parting from her was very sad.
877    The saddest moment in my life was when I lost my younger sister a few years back.
878    When I received the S.Y.J.C results, the marks I obtained were not up to my expectations and I missed admission in engineering.
879    A few months a close relative of mine died.  I had never expected this to happen and was sad for a few months.
880    [ When I feel that I have made a mistake.]
881    When I received my S.Y.J.C results which did not allow me to get   admission in engineering.
882    My father's death in January 1983 moved me deeply.  The gloom prevailed for almost two years and I am still to recover from it.
883    When a close friend, residing in the hostel, lost his father I really pittied him and the situation made me feel sad.
884    [ No response.]
885    When a girl did not answer a question, concerning my love for her, put forward to her.
886    I felt very sad when I was in Form three to notice that my friend Barley Jumbe, had lost very expensive new sports short trousers.
887    I never failed my examinations since Standard 1 but I experienced sad moments when I sat for Standard 8 Examination and I was not selected for Secondary School education in 1978.
888    I was all of the sudden sad when I heard that my cousin who usually paid school fees had passed away after a very short illness.
889    Death of my grnadfather after having been in hospital for so long with cancer of the Oesophagus.
890    When my boyfriend did not turn up in time as he promised he would be coming.
891    A friend's mother died.
892    My friend was badly hurt.
893    Finding out that the university will give first priority to qualified practioners and clinical years to go to your English lectures.
894    Failed an examn.
895    I was not chosen for the All English class.
896    Lost a friend.
897    I was very sad  when I got the XIIth standard results, when I got low marks as compared to my friend and I could not get admission to courses like medicine.
898    When I heard that my girlfriend was getting married to another person, I felt very sad.  That day I did not eat anything and kept thinking of her all day long.
899    It was at the time of my M.Sc exam, when I was not in a position to take the exam after having studied seriously.
900    When my first love was not successful.
901    After studying a lot for my H.S.C exams, I could not make it to the medical stream and I felt sad about this.
902    I was very sad when I did not get admission in the English college, as I had 1% less marks than they wanted.
903    When I was ditched by my girlfriend.
904    A friend of mine was hospitalized after having been diagnosed as having typhoid, he had to forgo his exams and also his ambition of doing a dissertation at the M.A level.  It was a very sad event for me and I felt very sorry for him so I volunteered to stay with him in the hospital.
905    [ No response.]
906    [ I missed my twin when I was on the verge of being thrown, which I disliked.]
907    When a friend of mine died in a hiking accident.  I was not present there and only got the news later.
908    I felt sad when my dear friend was needed from training school due to his failure in a number of subjects and simply didn't know what he had to do.
909    I had a girlfriend who lived several kilometers away from my home. One day she wrote me that she'd visit me. On her way she had a car accident and was badly injured. I was very sorry to see her lying in a bed in the hospital.
910    It was last September when I felt very sad. It was when I heard that I was not selected to study in the University of Malawi.
911    I was once nominated as an Officer Cadet in the Armed Forces and my name was cancelled on the list of nominees of those who were sent to Kenya for Training.
912    I was so sad when I heard that my Uncle had passed away. He was the only man who was supporting my parents as well as myself.
913    When I was about to write my Junior Certificate Exams, I received sad news telling me that my elder sister had passed away.
914    The sadness came to me when I heard that my girlfriend whom I loved so much got married to another man before a rebuff from her.
915    When I was told that my father had passed away.
916    I felt sad when I was told to walk out of the classroom because I was within the row of students who were making noise.
917    I had been caught red-handed having stolen some paw-paw. I was then taken the elders owning the paw-paws.
918    I really became sad when mother passed away while I was very young.
919    When I was not selected to go to the University of Malawi I felt very sad.
920    When my mother died in August 1978.
921    I felt sad when I heard that my girlfriend was double-crossing me with the boy who is my best friend.
922    I was very sad when I heard about the death of my teacher who taught me in Standard 8.
923    It was in the evening when I heard that my girl went to Zambia and that she would never come back.
924    I was very sad when I was shouted at by Uncle and was told that I was not to be given school fees because I didn't go to work in the garden since I had gone to escort my sister to the bus depot.
925    It was when I failed standard 8 exams while all my friends passed and went to secondary school. In class I was always getting more marks than they did.
926    I slept in a tent at the Barracks which caught fire at night and my best possessions got burnt in there.
927    When I was at school.
928    This condition accumulated in my mind when funeral news was brought to my awareness, that a close relative had passed away.
929    It was when my father was taken into detention by the CIDS for two years for a reason I don't know up to now.
930    I was away to school (Primary). In my abscence my young brother at home got sick suddenly. My parents took him to hospital. On the way he died. It came to me as a sad, sudden and shocking news and I felt very sad.
931    When I heard that my father had passed away.
932    When I found my baby whipped by my Auntie. I was really sad and up to this moment my sadness is still on.
933    I felt very sad when I lost my three Kwacha at civo Stadium when Sam Mangwana was playing some Rumba records. That was not what I expected, I wanted some Disco records.
934    It was mid May 1985, When we had a Test on Nursing. My classmate had an answer sheet, so he tried to peep. The Nursing Tutor caught him. During this time I was turning my question paper and it made noise. This friend blamed me of causing the whole matter for him to be caught.
935    It was on 9th January 1983 when I received a message from home telling me that my father passed away on the previous day with a history of cancer of the oesophagus. This time I was doing my third year of my Secondary School.
936    When my father died.
937    One day I came across a certain boy who was intruding my friendship as lovers with my girlfriend and I was very sad because I didn't expect that girl to disappoint me I regarded her as being very faithful.
938    I was sad when my MCE grades were out. I had gone for a football match a mile away from home. The mail found me there. I was disappointed and didn't play the other half of the match.
939    My Uncle was beaten by his troublesome son. He fell unconscious and gained consciousness after some time. That time I was at school; this news reached me through someone.
940    I had received bad news informing me that grandmother and grandfather had passed away. The first one to die was my grandmother and after two days grandfather died too.
941    After hearing the news about the death of my sister, I felt very sad.
942    When I failed my Standard 8 Examination for the first time.
943    I felt sad when a thief stole all the clothes from my friend's cupboard at school (boarding).
944    I was sad when I heard that my cousin died because of being bewitched by her husband's second wife.
945    When I heard that my friend had started drinking beer.
946    I was watching T.V with my parents and some pornographic scenes came on, I felt uncomfortable and tried to distract my parents attention by talking to them.
947    When I was transferred from Chichiri Secondary School to St. Mary's Sec. School. I was happy at Chichiri as a day scholer and had made a lot of friends. I was going to a boarding and that meant parting with my friends as well as my boyfriend for the first time.
948    It was shocking news to me when I received a telegram from home telling me that my grandmother had passed away. I had to go home to attend the funeral but unfortunately I found that the burial had already taken place.
949    I experienced this emotion when my grandfather passed away.
950    When my cousin passed away.
951    My best friend had failed Exams. She had to leave and so we got separated.
952    When I heard that my Uncle had passed away in a road traffic accident.
953    I lost my purse that had money in it. I was sad until I found it.
954    When my best friend promised to come at my house and I had to prepare so many expensive things for her but only to learn at last that she would not turn up.
955    When my cousin passed away.
956    I felt sad when my father was sick.
957    Cooks refused to give me food.
958    In May 18th, 1984 my boyfriend went to the U.S.A. In December I was told he passed away. He had cancer of the Oesophagus.
959    It was extremely sad to me when I heard that a patient who I was taking care of in hospital had passed away. He had some abdominal pains.
960    I was very sad when I heard that my uncle had passed away untimely at home.
961    I wrote a letter to my boyfriend but he couldn't answer it in time so as a defence mechanism I just found that I felt so sad about it and couldn't talk to anyone.
962    I received a message that my elder brother was involved in a car accident and was admitted in hospital.
963    When my grandmother died after a long illness.
964    I was very sad when I heard that my Auntie had passed away.
965    When I heard that my father had passed away. I could not eat for a week and was only crying. I could not find the courage to go to bath.
966    When I went home on holidays I found that my niece and nephew had passed away I was very sad for the children were not even sick before death but suddenly died.
967    I was very sad when I heard that my brother had failed the standard 8 exams for the third time.
968    I was sad to hear that my brother had a motorbike accident.
969    My boyfriend didn't turn up after promising that he was coming.
970    When my grandmother passed away.
971    When I heard of the death of a friend who had just finished her training I felt very sad for she was young.
972    I felt sad when I heard that my cousin had passed away just suddenly.
973    I received a letter form home telling me that my sister was very sick.
974    My child passed away after a short illness when he was just eleven months old. I was only told about his death without knowing that he had been ill.
975    Failing examn.
976    My grandmother died.
977    My girl-friend left me.
978    Not being accepted by classmates in university.
979    Saw the village I come from still pay money to buy wife.
980    My sister marrying a bad man. He is cruel to her.
981    Two little children (5/6 years old) begging for money, and noone gave them money.
982    Saw a father beating up his small child.
983    General Ye Jianying died.
984    My friend has to go on field trips, he just told me.
985    Hearing about developments of sience in the West a lot better than China.
986    Not getting on with someone of my classmates in high school.
987    A friend misunderstood me.
988    My old teacher in primary school died.
989    My uncle died in the Vietnam War.
990    Finding out that China is still backward in science.
991    Finding out I am not good looking.
992    Not winning a medal in the swimming contest.
993    My father left us for another woman.
994    My best friend suddenly acting strange towards me.
995    When I was not chosen to go to your English lectures. 
996    Finding out my best friend cannot go to the English lectures.
997    My grandmother died.
998    Finding out that my best friend could not go to university.
999    A girl I love does not love me.
1000    Finding out that China is poor, so we cannot have good reference books.
1001    Saw poverty in the countryside.
1002    Finding out that life span in China is shorter than in the West.
1003    Not doing well in an examn.
1004    Relative's death.
1005    My mother's death.
1006    My friend still trusts me as a friend.
1007    Finding out about the university does not have enough foreign currency to buy the yournals in your reference list.
1008    Did badly in an examn.
1009    One of my best friends was hurt by a girl he loves.
1010    Father lost his temper at home because he was mistreated at work.
1011    Finding out that we cannot have good references because China is poor.
1012    My parents told me that they do not like my friend.
1013    Not getting the reference paper.
1014    Death of a relative.
1015    Death of General Ye Jianying.
1016    My father won't be so pleased with me as if I was elected "Three Good".
1017    Not being able to do well to be chosen for the English lecture.
1018    Lecturers being unfair to me in reports.
1019    My best friend was not chosen for the English lectures.
1020    My teacher's death.
1021    Finding out I am not chosen for the English lectures.
1022    Being misunderstood by friends.
1023    Found out that my grandmother might have been misdiagnosed as a psychiatric patient because the doctor did not know about neurologism.
1024    Power cut made me unable to listen to the songs sung by my favourite pop star.
1025    My good friend misunderstood me.
1026    Deceived by other people and ran into trouble.
1027    My parents failed to visit me as they promised.
1028    Being sexually assulted and told my friends about it (we cried together).
1029    Iqam chosen for your lecture and my best friend is not. Now he is angry with me and I cannot help him.
1030    A friend's brother died.
1031    Not being chosen for the English lectures (my girl-friend chosen).
1032    My mother was ill and my father was not at home.
1033    Finding out that the girl I like does not like me.
1034    My father told me in the letter that my mother is ill.
1035    My sister bkoke her leg.
1036    Disappointed by a friend.
1037    Lost my girl-friend.
1038    Insulted by my mother.
1039    My friend not allowed to go to the English lectures.
1040    I have been thinking of changing my major for a few months.  My original major was Chinese language and it blocks my way.  I have to face many problems at the sametime and I do not know what is real and virtuous.  I do not know if I am not interested in Chinese or if there are other factors which make me sad.  I am not very clear on what I can do for the study of Communication and Journalism.  I am not clear about what I can do.  What are the limitations ?   I hesitate but I feel more adjusted now.
1041    One of my class-mates had a disease unexpectedly, he had been in a coma for six days in a hospital before he died.
1042    When I forgot the lyrics during a song contest.
1043    When another person's mother died.
1044    The death of my father.
1045    I had asked the teacher to write a recommendation letter for me, but I had not provided enough information and had run short of time.
1046    Due to some reasons my boyfriend and I decided to separate.
1047    A and I were walking along the new Asia stairway to the Chung Chi college for our lecture and I saw him with her.  He put one arm around her shoulder and laugher brightly and joyfully.  I did not dare and did not want to look, just walked by them quickly.  The interest of talking to A disappeared and I just wanted to remain silent.  But I did not want A to know and so I left him and went to F.  I should have expected this to happen.
1048    When I learnt that I had been betrayed by my friend.
1049    The quarrel between my  parents.
1050    [ No response.]
1051    In 1983, my results at the university entrance exam were very poor - far from what I had expected.   I thought that I would not be accepted at the university.
1052    My cat died from an illness.  It had been with us for 7 years.  It was a lovely cat.  It had been ill for one or two weeks and the veterinary surgeon had told us that it was dying.
1053    I had a very short term romance during the summer vacations.  When we first met I felt excited but I wanted to avoid him after we had met a few times and so I proposed that we stay apart, I felt very sad then.
1054    When my grandfather died I was extremely sad.  However my family members did not have any special feelings, they said that he was already 80 years old.
1055    When I learnt that I had to repeat the first year, I found the solution immediately but was blocked by many difficulties.
1056    I knew a girl so lovely that everyone would like her.  But she refused to accept my Christmas present and I tried to forget her.
1057    I separated with the one I liked most.  She refused all my dates and told me that she had dated another one.  My heart seemed to cease beating.  I was silent for some time and then I whispered goodbye and left without turning back.
1058    I had been separated from my girlfriend for about a year.  On her birthday I put a present in her mailbox.  I had spent two days choosing a suitable present for her.  I waited for a few days and there was no reply from her; at last I received a thank-you card in my mailbox.  On the card there was only my name, the words thank-you  and her signature.  I was very sad then.
1059    My mother suffers from a mental illness.  One night she was not feeling well and was sent to the hospital.  I was scared that she would die, and all night I was very sad and did not dare to close my eyes.
1060    My sister was impolite to my father when the family was having lunch together at a restaurant.  She thought that our parents had been prejudiced against her, this was an extreme thought.
1061    When I found that my coldness had hurt somebody's sincerity.
1062    I saw a lot of starving people in a T.V news report.
1063    When my mother went through an operation, it was not very serious but I was sad and could not sleep before the operation.
1064    When I learnt that my close friend was going to immigrate.
1065    When my studies are too demanding and I cannot cope with it.
1066    When the thing that made my friends and relatives sad happened to them.
1067    One of my good friends had to migrate to America.  Our friendship had developed quite well and it was a pity as our friendship would fade.
1068    When I said good-bye to my girlfriend.  I had spent two years on developing this relationship and it was unsuccessful, I felt very sad.
1069    I heard of the death of a closefriend of mine.  I had gone camping        with him shortly before his death and the whole thing seemed very  sudden to me. 
1070    I had a schoolmate who went to the hospital as her brain was bleeding.  She fell unconscious for three days and when I went to see her I saw the miserable state the family was in.  Moreover I could not do nothing for her.  I was very sad.  Finally, she died.
1071    There was a conflict of interest between me and a close friend of mine.  He only thought about his own interest and not about our friendship.  This behaviour hurt his friends.  Another incident is when a friend isolated himself without giving any reasons.
1072    About two years ago my girlfriend suggested that we separate.  This really gave me a shock as I had never thought that she would say such things.  The reason she gave me was that we were not suited for each other.
1073    When I learnt that I had failed an exam,  This not only influenced my emotions but also other important tasks, it also made my record imperfect.
1074    A few years ago my mother suffered from canccer and died within two years.  We had not finished our studies then and could not bear our responsibilities as her children.  My mother had tried her best to take care of us but she lived in pain these two years.  Neither the doctor nor we could do anything for her as cancer is incurable.  I was very eager to replace her in suffernig , even die instead of her.
1075    After a meeting ended we started talking about when we would have the next discussion ( I had many tests the coming week and could not have a meeting in between, I thought that they would understand this as they had always done).  They did not understand my problem and thought that I should not have so many other activities.  Their reaction made me burst into tears.
1076    When I was a child I was playing on the upper deck of the bed with my brother.  My parents slept on the lower deck.  My father felt disgusted and beat me up.  I felt very sad as my father had never beaten me or scolded me before.
1077    I am a Christian but I cannot find any meaning in life . It seems that I am deceiving myself but I cannot find the way out.
1078    My academic result was poor and I had to repeat the second year.  I felt sad about the coming several years.
1079    I received the mid-term exam paper of one of my major subjects and I found that I had failed it.
1080    When I found that my ability to do ordinary work was worse than my fellow mates.
1081     [ No response.]
1082    I quarrelled with my younger sister because I had said something against her boyfriend.  Consequently she looked through me when she saw me as she thought that I was trying to separate them.  She had misunderstood me.
1083    When I was in lower six class during the Summer I joined a research group of the Chinese university student union.  I knew a lot of CV students there.  A year later one of them was travelling in mainland China and he got T.B.  He died a few weeks after coming back to H.K.  We all got together for the funeral and when I looked at the body for the last time I felt extremely sad.
1084    When I was ill and had to stay at the hospital for a period of time.  
1085    I suddenly found that those whom I considerered to be my good friends did not care for me.  Although I could still be with them I felt unimportant.  I deeply thought about the reason behind this so as to see who was responsible for this.  Finally I made up my mind and decided not to expect too much from them.  I was sad when I decided that they were no longer my good friends.
1086    A friend told me that he had suffered in love and in academics.  I shared his sadness.
1087    My got my mathematics test's marks and could not believe that it was true.  In the past I would have at least 80% marks.  Was I getting weaker at studies ?  This made me feel that I should not expect too much from going to the university.
1088    My examination results were not satisfactory even though I had tried my best.  Then I started wondering about my abilities for the major subject.  However I did not know how to choose my major subject if I were to change it.
1089    Last night I did not do very well in one of the subjects.  Before the result was announced I feared that I would fail.  Finally I got a D and as the results of the other subjects were not all      good I felt a little sad.
1090    One night my father suddenly suffered from a heart attack which lead to breathing difficulties.
1091    During the Physics experiment session I did not understand the content of the experiment and did not know how to do it.
1092    When I was in primary 6, my father died.  I was very young then and did not know what had happened.  The weeping of my relatives and my tears made me sad.
1093    This issue worried me rather than saddening me.  In mid September I went to Guanggho alone.  I was looking for an accomodation in the evening and after having walked 2 or 3 miles I still could not find anything.  What could I do?  I was not worried about sleeping on the streets but because of some procedural problems.  I finally found a place to sleep at 8 o'clock.
1094    I had taken the responsibility to do something and I had prepared for it.  However I failed because of my timidity.  After three attempts I still could not adapt to the atmosphere and failed as before.  I felt imcompetent and felt that the others would think that I had not prepared for it.
