1    [ On days when I feel close to my partner and other friends.  When I feel at peace with myself and also experience a close contact with people whom I regard greatly.]
2    After my girlfriend had taken her exam we went to her parent's place.
3    When I pass an examination which I did not think I did well.
4    Passing an exam I did not expect to pass.
5    When I had my children.
6    When my child was born.
7    When I saw a person I had not seen for a long time.
8    When I was accepted for a course on finance and accounting.
9    Passed an exam by 2 points.
10    I passed an exam that I was absolutely certain that I had failed.
11    When I won a trip to Greece in a competition.
12    At a friend's birthday party with some of my closest friends.  It was all very pleasant and one could say that I was happy to have such good friends.
13    I felt very happy when I won the football pools.
14    When the whole family gets together for a one week holiday.  Everybody feels free and the trip is well planned.  It works out well and we enjoy ourselves.
15    When I passed the first examination that I had to repeat.
16    The day I was told that I had been accepted as a student of economics.
17    When I found out that I had passed the last two exams by a margin of three marks.
18    When I gave birth to my son and saw that he was alive and that I had managed it well.  He was born a month too early with a malfunctioning lung.  This happened a year ago.
19    New year's eve 1983/1984, I met my girlfriend.  We stood on the steps outside her parents home and I kissed her for the first time.
20    When I got the loan for my studies.
21    When my sister - after a history of one abortion and one stillbirth - gave birth to a perfectly healty boy.
22    Unexpected visit by a close friend, whom I hadn't seen for half a year.
23    When I was accepted as a student at the college, not having thought it possible.
24    A couple of years ago during the summer holiday, I was fishing at a lake with my husband.  Suddenly it started raining while the sun was still shining. I experienced a feeling of joy, happiness and fulfillment.  the whole nature was full of music.
25    I had a summer job in Sweden, and my boyfriend came to meet me on my birthday.
26    I was told quite unexpectedly that one wanted me to become the vice-chairman of our student organisation.  I was really surprised and joy was the first emotion I felt, though behind it there was worry - how shall I succeed ?
27    Last night I had a chat with a fellow student.  I had known her for about half a year, and for the first time we were speaking "the same language"- meaning an inspiring discussion and encounter.
28    I met a dear friend of mine after a long time.  I expressed my feelings in our own usual way, by mutual scolding and abusing (with complete understanding) and by touching, patting and taking the hand of the other person, etc...
29    When I won a tennis match.
30    Celebrations on the graduation day with the orchestra playing in the garden ( I am a part of this orchestra).
31    When I met an old schhol friend (school love) who works in Sk+vde.
32    Passed the last exam.
33    When my one year old son gives me a spontaneous kiss.
34    An ex-colleague asked me if I was interested in working in their accounts bureau.  They needed "clever people" and he had "immediately thought of me."
35    When my girlfriend became pregnant.
36    [ No response.]
37    When I passed an exam.
38    I worked at a lawyer's office during Summer and I got a very good reference from him.
39    When I was finally qualified for my profession.
40    I stopped working (had a boring job).
41    When I get a hug from someone I love.
42    When I won an unexpected sum of money.
43    When I was at a party I met an old friend from an adult education course.  We had not met for 2 years but had both thought a lot about each other.  A wonderful experience.
44    When I recently got an appartment in central Gottenburg.
45    When my son returned from mountaineering - healthy in body and soul.
46    When I was informed that I had been accepted as a student of Psychology.
47    When I was acceptted as a student of psychology.
48    When my son was born.
49    When after 10 months of national service I was "downgraded" and did not have to do the remaining 5 months.
50    When my older sister told us that she was thinking of joining the rest of the family for the winter sports holiday.
51    When I got through the first day here at the department.
52    When i was asked to be a child's godmother.
53    When my husband suddenly came to see me at my new job and brought some flowers and cake with him.
54    When we were able to afford a new sofa - a leather one which cost SEK 20000.  I had waited for it for 2-3 years.
55    When I recently managed to get my first consulting assignment "myself" i.e on my own initiative.
56    When I was appointed to position of trust in a group set up to change the working environment.
57    After my girl and I talked things over our relationship changed and became positive.  A diificult time turned into pleasant one.
58    When I was offered a high position of trust, which I later accepted.
59    [ Cycling in the spring sunshine gives me such delight.  Happiness is to be healthy, my wonderful finance.  Simply being here on earth.]
60    On a boat trip to Denmark, 14 of us had a lot of fun and we spent SEK 10 each on one armed bandits and against all odds we won the jackpot of SEK 1000.
61    When I was at the end-of-term party last week and had fun - was happy and sang and drank only soft drinks.  It is possible to have a good time without alcohol.
62    When I felt that my love was returned.
63    When I recently got a very positive answer from a clinic telling me that they would willingly assist and collect data for me for a clinical pilot study.
64    When I began dansing, the teacher came and told me that I was very good and would soon get into the ballet academy. 
65    When my 6 month old son is happy and well.
66    When I gave birth to a healthy boy.
67    When my husband and I decided to take a few days holiday after a particularly trying period.
68    When I gave birth to a child and saw that it was normal when it was put against my breast.
69    The high school entrance exam.
70    Yesterday, when the final whistle blew at the final match between OIS and IFK and it was certain that OIS had won the Swedish title.
71    When I dived among sharks and the brightly coloured fish on the outer reef of Tvavni, Fidgi.
72    When I passed the driving test three weeks ago and got my licence.
73    When I met friends I had not seen for the last 2-4 years.
74    [ No response.]
75    I feel unbelievably happy about the relationship between my boyfriend and me, it is a reoccurring feeling.
76    I was very happy when I got an attractive Summer job.
77    The birth of my child.
78    During the Christmas holidays, I met some of my old friends, after not having seen them for six months.
79    In the underground's escalator, a youngish bum asked me for money.  Although I did not give him anything, the fellow told me that I was really good-looking.  A man who was in front of me also turned to look at me.
80    A person with whom I had been on bad terms, gave me a present. We became reconciled.
81    After having considered it for hours I was able to overcome my scruples and to call a friend with whom I had fallen in love. I realized that my decision was right - and was very glad.
82    In summer when I was sailing with friends in Greece I felt joy.
83    Walking along the beach with a friend (another girl), talking, picking up shells, laughing, chasing seagulls.
84    On meeting an old friend of mine.
85    When I realised that I was forgiven by the God who is there, when I realised how much God loves me and that my acceptance with him is not based on my performance - that he loves me unconditionally and showed that love in Christ who died because I do need forgiveness.
86    I received a wedding invitation from an ex-flatmate, enclosed was a small note that overcame a lot of the differences that had arisen between us due to the circumstances in which she left the flat.
87    When I called my boyfriend he asked me if I would live with him.
88    When my love for a guy was returned.
89    I met my present boyfriend on a boat trip to England.  We had said that we would call each other when we got back to Sweden (we were not going to the same town in England).  As soon as I walked in he called from England as he could not wait till he came home.
90    When I fell in love.
91    When I was accepted as a student of Psychology here at Gutttenburg.
92    I made dinner for some friends and they appreciated it very much.
93    After intercourse.
94    When I was notified that I had been accepted as a Psychology student.
95    After I had made my debut at Ullevi against IFK, Gottenburg and got a good write up in the paper.
96    As an evening class teacher I got positive feedback.  When the atmosphere is good and a kind of relaxed understanding exists.
97    When I was accepted as supervisor for a student teacher.  The notification came by post.
98    When a close friend met me at the station in the middle of the night, when I came back from a long and tiring journey.
99    When I was able to buy my new car, after lots of problems.
100    When I was admitted to a certain school as a student.
101    When my father managed to begin a "new life" after the divorce from my mother; resulting in a new little sister for me.
102    I was in hospital, and then was visited by someone quite unexpected.
103    When I finally managed to get a specific sound from my guitar, after baving tried for a long time.
104    When my children were born.
105    When my special friend said "I love you" for the first time.
106    When my term paper was evaluated.
107    Got in touch with earlier friends after a long absence.
108    Receiving a much wanted letter from a very good friend who lives abroad.
109    A friend which I hadn't seen for years, sent me a small present.
110    When my fiancee travelled 2000 Km to visit me, and I hadn't seen her for 4 months.
111    When the person that I was very fond of, returned to me.
112    A close acquaintace cried for me. I felt happy because somebody cared.
113    Renewed contact with an earlier friend.
114    Receiving a postcard form my sweetheart who was abroad on vacation, not being at all sure if he would write me or not.
115    Finding my glasses again after having lost them in town.
116    I got a job right after school was over.
117    Having passed the exam required to be an authorized Radio/TV dealer.
118    Succeeding in helping others.
119    I received the message that I'd been accepted at the school where I really wanted to go.
120    Winning the local soccer championships this year was a great joy.
121    Getting the top price in the football pools.
122    Receiving close friends form abroad, whom I hadn't seen for years.
123    Selling my used car.
124    Managed to run 30 Km on skis fairly simply.
125    Reunion with my wife after a legal separation.
126    Relating to my closest family.
127    When the contract about my shop was signed.
128    Receiving a letter form a girl that means a lot to me emotionally.
129    I won the country ski championship.
130    When the bank let me borrow some money this winter, after my grant was spent.
131    I am a school teacher. At a teacher-parent meeting I received a good deal of positive feed-back on my work both from the parents and through them from the pupils.
132    [ A successful lesson.]
133    When in an economic crisis I got an unexpected sum of money.
134    I was coming home from an exam and I supposed that I had passed it so I ran to a restaurant for a beer.
135    While dancing in a restaurant last week.
136    My girlfriend gave me some feed-back and I understood that it meant that our relationship was about to turn even closer.
137    When I look at people around and know that people who are stupid look stupid.
138    [ Being close to another person.]
139    I went to a doctor with a complaint. The doctor told me that I was completely healthy.
140    When I unexpectedly received birthday greetings from a person I like.
141    I shot the decisive goal in an ice-hockey match.
142    I passed an exam which I was not sure at all to pass.  I rejoyced at the result because the possibility of continuing my studies depended on it.
143    On the cliff by the sea, the silence and the sudden voice of a bird.(swans of the bay)
144    When I got home from my job, I found a letter from the university telling me that I had been admitted to begin my studies.
145    I unexpectedly met a girl with whom I have always got along well. ( I had not seen her for several months.)
146    I got a fairly large amount of my taxes back.
147    A sunny Autumn day, after a long rainy period.
148    I got to know that I had been accepted at university.
149    My joy was the joy of meeting again.  My husband came home after having been away for weeks (for work).  I was on the railway station to meet him.
150    My mother, sister and I were thinking about old times, our childhood, and we had a very happy time.
151    I started a new branch of studies after having failed a former one.  When I got back my exam papers I was very happy to know that I almost had full marks.
152    My girlfriend sent me a letter with a shiny picture in it.
153    When, to my surprise, I got to know about having got "very good" high school graduation marks.
154    I am not especially good at English, and after the high school graduation exam in English I tensely waited for the result the whole day.  In the evening, when I heard that I had done excellently, I became very happy and the anxiety vanished.  My family was at home.
155    When I got an unexpected letter from  a guy, who had been my school mate.
156    When I got 21/30 points in an exam of statistics. The result was unexpected and it made me realize that statistics do not surpass my abilities, as I have sometimes thought.
157    When my friend told me that he would come and meet me in a moment.
158    When I felt that an exam, which I had feared, was an easy one and went well.
159    When I got home from a pleasant trip abroad, I got to know that I had been accepted at university.
160    When I was pressing figures on the curtain cloth. I had bought the cloth after months of hindrances.
161    Begining the week-end with my girlfriend : cozyness, beer and wine.
162    When after an overwhelming anxiety and enquiry, I understood something about why I exist and what my task in life is.
163    The day I got to know that I would get a shared dwelling with my boyfriend.  My parents place was getting a little crowded with my growing bother wanting a room to himself.  I first felt doubt, then joy, but also sadness.  The feeling of joy was the strongest.
164    [ A chat on the telephone with a friend.]
165    I was in a dancing-tavern and the atmosphere was one of waiting for the end of the world.  Suddenly people began dancing wildly, inspired by the band.  An unbelievable experience : wonderful that even Finns sometimes flare up and forget to think "what others are thinking of me".  It was delightful to dance to one's heart content.
166    The inflammation of the ear of my child got cured and the doctor said that the ear was completely all right.
167    When a student of mine (at music) performed and played remarkably well.
168    When I made up with a girl-friend of mine after having been on unfriendly terms with her (my fault).  I cried with joy that evening.
169    During lectures, I sensed an unexpressed understanding with a boy I did not know.  We exchange glances ; I think he likes me, and I like him too.  Perhaps he has fallen in love with me .........
170    [ During inter-rail-trip, after troubles, I met my little sister.]
171    After having at last finished my master's thesis, I felt great joy and relief.  I had been haunted by the thesis during the whole of my studies.
172    When I met a good friend of mine after a long time.
173    While having a discussion with a colleague of mine, I realized that her conception of man and work were similar to mine.
174    I had just moved to the town where I study and I got a postcard from a good friend (from my home town).
175    I got a letter from my best friend, whom I had not heard from for a long time (a good letter).
176    When I got a letter from home.
177    I found myself a place after looking for one for a long time.
178    I went to see the entrance examination results at university.  I rejoyced at my success.
179    A good report card (a scholarship) in primary school.
180    When I made the acquaintance of a certain person.
181    When I went to a job interview, I met a person who was very nice, and his attitude made me glad.
182    I was in a restaurant with my boyfriend when I saw my best female friend after not seeing her for two weeks.  We rejoyced, hugged and had a long talk.
183    When I was sick my husband bought me a piece of cake.
184    When my red-cheeked, content child runs to meet me in the yard of the kindergarten and gives me a moist kiss on my cheek.
185    After my vacations, one day after a lecture it occured to me to buy a rose for my mother.  We went together to a pub and my mother told me that she would be getting married next Spring.  I did not known about it and so was all the more glad.
186    I had been away from home for a long time and when I came home I was delighted.  It was wonderful to see familiar, dear people and I was rejoycing in advance.  I had been feeling very lonely.
187    When, after a long time, I saw a girl with whom I was in love.
188    While watching an entertainment program in which there was a clever  and amusing sketch.
189    In the army, my result at the shooting exercises got me a three day furlough.
190    When my favourite football team made a goal and was about to win the Cup of England.
191    When I was in the sauna bath.
192    I passed an exam which I thought I had failed.
193    After one year of searching, my friend and I have found a flat we are able to pay for.
194    I won a car in a prize-competition. The moment I was informed about it, I felt joy.
195    In order to be admitted to my final examination, I had to pass two examinations. As I had not studied very much, I resigned myself to be left behind. Nevertheless I succeeded in these examinations.
196    My boyfriend returned after a long absence.
197    When I met a good friend after a long time. We had had a quarrel but after two weeks I was really glad to see him again.
198    My father stayed abroad for one year. He does not like to write letters because he makes ortographic mistakes. I never had a good relation to him. He wrote me a letter in which he said that he loved me.
199    When I met my girlfriend - I had not counted on that.
200    In Southern Tyrol, I was gathering apples, it was a fine day, I was not thinking about anything, I felt an overwhelming joy.
201    A friend I had missed very much came to see me unexpectedly.
202    When I worked as an "au-pair-girl" in London, I received a call from a good friend who told me that she was in London too and wanted to see me. I was very glad - after that call and especially when I saw her.
203    I had the unexpected possibility to see a friend I like very much.
204    After a one year's stay abroad, I returned home. I was even more glad to see how much my family was pleased to see me.
205    On our way to France, my girlfriend and I went to Verona. By chance we met an Italian couple - they gave us two tickets for the dress-rehearsal of "Aida". It was a different world for us full of fascination. After the representation we ate a phantastic pizza in a restaurant near the "Arena".
206    When I was informed that a short story I had written had been accepted for publication.
207    After 3 weeks I saw my girlfriend again.
208    I went shopping with my parents - my father payed everything for me, I was very glad.
209    At a choral concert I appeared as a solist. The concert5 was very good, I forgot all the hard work that had been done before. There remained only an undescribable joy and a feeling of warmth, security etc.
210    When my brother came back home after staying in hospital. He had undergone an operation which had been a matter of life or death. When he came home I could see him smile for the first time after may weeks.
211    One day I did not feel very well and I wanted to talk to somebody. A friend invited me for dinner and I was very glad.
212    A friend of mine often had difficulties with her parents. Once she had a child she had a better relationship with them.
213    I received a letter and a Christmas present from a person I had not seen for two years.
214    I have a boyfriend and I am very fond of him. When we had our "11-months jubilee", I had forgotten it. But he gave me a red rose.
215    After a weekend at a seminar I saw my husband again. I hurried home hoping he would be there. We embraced - I enjoyed feeling his body.
216    A party with friends on New Year's Eve.
217    I went to buy a bicycle with my father. When I wanted to pay, my father took his purse and payed.
218    Before Christmas I got to know a girl but our relationshop could not consolidate before the holiday. Therefore it was a big surprise to get a carefully hand-made present from her. - Our relationship grew closer.
219    A person whom I had not seen for a long time called me and invited me for a party.
220    When my mother was tremendous on the phone and we talked for hours. She was in a good mood.
221    When planning to marry.
222    When Wayne and Sue (close friends) were announced our guardians at ther wedding.
223    Getting a part-time job.
224    When my last year's second semester results came through - I was ecstatic.
225    When I get something that seemed very hard like getting a job, a boyfriend, etc. A specific sutuations, was when I started to date a boy whom I liked for a long time.
226    When I succeed in writing something I felt and doing it I felt well and very happy for being able to express to myself something that was suffocating me.
227    After my final examination at school I was glad that the examination was over and that I had passed it.
228    For about one year I had a rather bad relation with my father. Last Christmas Eve he invited me to stay withhim and I was very glad about it. It was a fine evening.
229    I had a little cat which was very sick. As I liked it very much I went to a veterinary with it. He told me how to tend it and it really recovered its health. Everybody said that I had saved its life.
230    When I passed my final examination at school.
231    When I met my girlfriend again in another town after a long separation.
232    On my birthday, an old friend of mine sent me a card. I had not met him for a year and I was very glad that he had thought of me.
233    A very good friend of mine had been away for three months. When we met again, we ran up to each other and embraced.
234    Several days after my final examination at school, I was sitting in an airplane on my way to Greece. I enjoyed that moment very much.
235    My neighbour was not able to set his car in motion because it had snowed heavily. I helped him - he was thankful and invited me.
236    On my birthday I got a present that I had desired for a long time.
237    On New Year's Eve I went in a disco with friends. I amused myself and got to know many other people.
238    I had a singing-lesson, but I was not very good. The last exercise was singing scales. I did that very well and my teacher seemed satisfied.
239    On my 18th birthday I passed the driving-test. I was glad because I had had to study very much, because I had been lucky and because - as a proof that it was really difficult - not everybody had passed the test.
240    During my first week in Graz I met a girl who I had got to know in the train from Amsterdam to Graz. Although I had considered her very sympathetic, we had seperated without changing our adresses.
241    I had not studied very much for my final examination at school, so I had to take an additional examination in French. The oral examination was not very hard for me - the more I was glad when I heard that I had passed it.
242    My boy-friend told me that he would take me to the training of the life-saving dogs.
243    To be able to prepare myself better for an important examination, I did not spend the nitht with my girl-friend but in the students' hostel. I had not done that for months. The day when I had the examn, somebody knocked at my door at seven o'clock in the morning. My girl-friend who likes sleeping late, had come to be able to be with me.
244    After a long time I saw my boy-friend again. 
245    I thought that I had failed an examination, but when I was informed about the mark, I saw that I had passed it.
246    When I had a psychical crisis, I met a girl, who told me that she had had almost the same problems and how she had finally overcome them.
247    Unexpectedly I met some persons who I like very much. Spontaneously they invited me and integrated me within their group, although it was late in the evening.
248    I had a quarrel with my fiancT. When he admitted his fault, everything was allright. It was then for the first time that he surprised me with coffee and cake and a bunch of flowers.
249    My sister had a daughter. I saw the baby for the first time through a pane of glass and she looked at me.
250    When I was 17, I had a mystic vision. I melted into a dazzling light, which omitted perfect love. The physical experience became unimportant, I heard or saw the words "overcome egotism". The feeling of joy remained for month after that experience.
251    When I was in a situation which seemed hopeless for me, I moved back to my parents. For my father it went without saying anything (normally he ofter grumbles at me).
252    When I heard that I had passed my final examination at school (with success).
253    Last year I went to see friends in Yugoslavia - two girls with whom I get along very well.
254    When we got a young dog.
255    When I heard that a good friend, who had been abroad for a long time, would come and see me.
256    I unexpectedly got a present from my father.
257    I met again a very good friend whom I had not seen for a long time.
258    My friend came to see me after she had stayed abroad. I waited at the station.
259    I bought a Christmas present for my girl-friend. On my way home I was really glad about having found such a suitable thing.
260    I went to fetch my girl-friend at the station. When the train arrived and I saw her descending and running up to me, I felt glad.
261    On my birthday a friend came to see me unexpectedly and brought me flowers. I usually do not see her very often.
262    After I had been away for a long time a friend told me that I had passed all my written examinations.
263    After I had had a disappointment in my private life, my friend, who studies in Vienna, came to see me spontaneously.
264    Seeing relations from overseas after a few years.
265    Emotional reassurances by spouse.
266    A night spent with a group of friends.
267    Getting a phone call from a very old friend.
268    The more than satisfactory result of a recently-completed university subject was communicated to me by phone.
269    On my birthday, when a very close friend sent me a huge bouquet of flowers.
270    One of my friends and I had breakfast in a restaurant. It was spontaneous and lots of fun.
271    I noticed that Meryl Streep and I had similar cheekbones and jaw structure.
272    When I was complimented and called "delightful".
273    My current lover and I had been very busy with work and study and had not had time alone together for almost a month until one afternoon recently when we made love for hours and then showered and ate together.
274    Blank.
275    When my boyfriend last told me he loved me after I gave him an impulsive kiss.
276    When I thought that my high school love and I had a mutual emotion.
277    I'd just got the top mark in an exam.
278    On a sailing boat at night, under a full moon, listening to Pink Floyd, drinking good wine, with good company, the boat being steered by autopilot, and a full eclipse of the moon.
279    Family member survived an operation.
280    A close married friend has just had his first child.
281    Having received an offer to do post-graduate work.
282    Winning a tight tennis match. One set to play, and the team was behind by 3 games. We won the last set 6-2 and won the match by a game.
283    Arriving in New Zealand as a teenager - first overseas trip - something "exhilarating" about the change of scenery etc.
284    Going to a friend's wedding and seeing many of my old friends whom I had known before I moved to a new district five years previously.
285    After being away on a holiday for 2 months, a friend, who lived interstate, had remembered when I'd get back and phoned to welcome me home on the night of my arrival.
286    I was captain of the school swimming team. The team was only two points in front before the last relay. We won the relay, which I swam in, and thus my team won the championship.
287    When I won the "Under 18" Showjumping at the Brookfield Show. The competition was very stiff and there were many riders competing.
288    Day I received my T.E. score and acceptance into my chosen course. 
289    Eating biscuits and drinking Milo (Chocolate energy drink made with milk and usually drunk warm) with my friend at College. We get on really well, don't withold any feelings about each other's friends and are pretty good at cheering each other up when we are homesick.
290    Getting a good mark for a subject I had worked hard at but expected only a moderate mark.
291    I got a good reaction from my tutor and tutorial group for a presentation I'd given that I was very worried about.
292    When I received the results from my final examination - Higher School Certificate - and received a mark that was beyond my wildest expectations.
293    Got through first semester University.
294    Getting back with my boyfriend after a year away - apart.
295    When I opened my TE Score envelope, and saw I got into Physiotherapy.
296    When my brothers had passed all of their exams and were able to  graduate from their courses.
297    When my present boyfriend asked me initially to go out with him I had waited a long time for this to occur.
298    When I saw my brother in Church, and publically accept Jesus Christ as his saviour and Lord.
299    On holidays - just driving along a road beautiful scenery. Just with my boyfriend - not really talking but just feeling overwhelmed.
300    Good news about a sick relative.
301    When I received my TE Score and my acceptance from University - it had been a goal since I left the bank a year earlier.
302    Can't remember specific event - besides just being moderately happy until a year or so ago.
303    When finally I found a place to live, I felt relieved, predicting changes in my life, and I became happy.
304    I felt it when I received a letter telling that I had been classified in a national concourse of p... I felt happy and vanity about it.
305    When I asked my girlfriend to marry me.
306    When I met a friend that I hadn't seen for some time.
307    When I began to date a boy with whom I am till now. This was 16 months ago.
308    When I took my entrance exams successfully and also when I got my school leaving certificate because the delivering ceremony was extremely official.
309    When I was admitted to the Sofia University.
310    I was admitted to the University and a niece was born to me.
311    My admittance to the University.
312    Winning Queensland Chess Championship.
313    Receiving a very personal letter from a lady that I like, which revealed that she was more enthusiastic about me than I had thought possible.
314    Being in love for the first time.
315    When I achieved my first 6 at University after a long string of 3's, 4's and 5's (7 is the highest mark awarded, 3 is a conceded pass).
316    When I was a child, my beloved cat gave birth to four beautiful little kittens. Before she had them, she came up to me and I followed her out, then witnessed them being born.
317    The weekend after I argued with my parents I went home again and they couldn't have been nicer. As soon as I walked in, Mum kissed me, then Dad, and thanked me for the birthday presents I'd left for him, including a very sentimental birthday card.
318    Joy of giving birth, and of sharing that joy with my husband. Moments of complete happiness and feelings of so much love.
319    Receiving notification that I had made a successful application to the Speech Therapy course at Uni, gave me a very good feelig of achievment and joy.
320    Seeing a close friend who had just returned from twelve months overseas.
321    When I finished my exams after 12th Grade, I was worried about getting a T.E. Score high enough for Physiotherapy. When I found that I had been accepted I was ecstatic, or more appropriately, could jump for joy.
322    Two years ago, somebody I like very much wanted to give up his studies. I tried to make him understand the importance of what he was going to do, not only of the difficulty to find a job but also because he will decrease his culture etc. This person made the test to the college entrance examination and to our great joy we found out that he succeded in entering at the University.
323    When I entered at the University.
324    When in the end of a semester I got the approval in a matter that I judged very difficult.
325    The situation in which I felt happiest in my life was when I was with the person I love for the first time.
326    When I got through the examination for my driver licence, and when I finished I knew I had passed it.
327    I was in ILHA GRANDE with a wonderful sun, with wonderful people, with a wonderful sea, with a wonderful boy.
328    I felt happy when my mother borrowed me the car in order to let me go out alone for the first time.
329    Always when I am well succeded.
330    When there was a possibility of getting on better in professional life. I valorized very much this aspect. People showed me this possibility, not the real fact (even because until now ...)
331    When I got a wedding ring of diamond from the boy I loved.
332    When I met again a great friend and talked a little while with him. When I see again another I miss.
333    When I entered University.
334    When I met a girl and asked her for a date and she agreed, (I thought this girl would never like me), this was an emotion of joy.
335    I felt joy when I red my name in the list of the approved in the entrance college examination.
336    To have a friend who I didn't see for months, and under the circumstances that I met him made me feel happy, and perhaps because it has been one of the good things that I learned with this friend.
337    When, after a long time of searching I got my first job.
338    When a person that I like very much got near to me.
339    I made the college entrance examinations for P.U.C. It was what I wanted more. When the first list came out I got frustrated. I wasn't in. When the second list came out without hopes I started to read the newspaper and my name was thre. I was in the bus and felt like crying so that everybody could hear me. The cry was hold, and 1982 became forever a mask in my life.
340    The day I received the key of my apartment and we could enter in it, for my fiancT and I had bought it yet in plans, and it seemed to us that this was almost impossible to happen.
341    It was when a friend took me to a place and gave me as a gift my astrologycal map with the explanations of a psychologist.
342    In a day when at work, in school, and relationships came out as I wanted, and I was recognized in my work.
343    I was travelling in the South of Brasil, near the end of the year. I was well settled with 3 friends. At the evening of 31 M., somebody, also with us, took from his purse pints of all colours, and the 4 of us, and other friends, that were at the same beach, painted each other and we went to the beach with champagne.
344    A friend of mine that is abroad undertook recently an axam to enter on University in Dallas, and was approved.
345    When I knew about my first job.
346    When I got a small present form a person I like very much.
347    When I saw my name in the newspaper and I knew that I entered at the University.
348    I had a friend who I didn't see for a long time. We had a relationship from much union and interaction. It was more that one year that I didn't see her. She appeared in my home and we talked.
349    When I got a record as a gift from a friend.
350    I wanted to go out to walk but I didn't know either where or with whom, suddenly an invitation appeared.
351    I felt a great joy when I knew that my father was going to sell the apartment from GUARUSA, because in some way we were helded by it, that means that we didn't go to any other place, because we had the apartment.
352    When I discovered that I and my friend would be licensed at the first call. This emotion was accompanied by a great relief. It was the coronation of a year of sacrifice and extrene discipline.
353    I felt joy when I entered at the University.
354    A meeting with the family and the friends I felt dear and loved, sharing the gladness of being together at a birthday.
355    After making an effort to enter at University I found a course and a school of higher education which were compatible with my experience and potentiality.
356    I felt joy when I passed the worst phase in my life and discovered how many people considered me important to them.
357    I didn't like my former fob and felt joy when I received a telegram offering me a new one that I though better and for which I had been waiting.
358    The day that my boyfriend appeared at home with a pair of rings for our wedding.
359    When people remember us and shows interest about what we do.
360    I felt glad to live again when I went to a meeting about the "Knowledge". There are 4 techniques of meditation that connect you with the essence of the human being.
361    When I bought my car.
362    The birth of my daughter.
363    I found a human "treasure" that I desired and got immediately. I didn't think about anything. When I touched him I imploded but I am whole.
364    One of the greatest joiy was when I succeded in acquiring a motorcycle through my own efforts.
365    When I got a stereo walkman from my father when he had finacial difficulties. I thought that although he promised to give me that present, he was not obliged to do so.
366    When I passed the whole weekend with my boyfriend, coming back home on Sunday afternoon he met my parents for the first time.
367    I was in the living room at home with an ex-boyfriend, it was nearly a year that we had separated, during the talk he began to remember our courting and gave me a long kiss.
368    Always when I meet the person I love.
369    When I entered in the University after a year of struggles.
370    A friend of mine travelled very far. I miss her but feel joy too because fer life is taking the right direction as she wants. So I feel joy for her mainly.
371    When I met my mother after months of absence.
372    I got a present from a great friend (a dog).
373    When I can see my parents because now I am far from them.
374    When I was admitted to the Bulgarian State Conservatoire.
375    I have a new born child.
376    I felt joy most strongly some years ago, when I took part in a NH Competition and I was the first.
377    When my nephew was born. The birth was hard, it was a big baby.
378    Some time ago I was present at the wedding party of two close friends of mine.
379    An encounter with a man whom I love, after a very long separation.
380    At a success of mine, at a real achievement.
381    For the first time in my life telling someone I loved them.
382    When I met my boyfriend and we discovered that we shared the same ideals and goals in life, and that we could share all our feelings and thoughts and felt that the world's not so bad when you have someone really close to share your life with.
383    When I passed the driving test after three failures.
384    For instance when a girl is interested in me and likes me.
385    I sensed this feeling when I passed successfully the second tour of a competition.
386    I was happy when at difficult times I could find support in my friend and my fiancT, I was happy because of their spiritual and moral help which gave me new power to struggle. I was happy then, I felt it in my soul.
387    That was what I felt when I was finally accepted in the Bulgarian Conservatorie after I had applied a couple of years.
388    My boyfriend made me a proposal.
389    When I heard what mark I had got at the entrance examination and I realized my admittance to the University was almost certain.
390    When I was admitted to a Language school. On the day when I was informed by a message and my parents congratulated me.
391    When you are satisfied with something, when you achieve something you have striven to.
392    Having passed an exam.
393    I'm glad when I have good relations with my colleagues and most of all when we are at a party.
394    I experienced it when I was accepted at the Medical Higher Institute.
395    After each successfully passed exam I am happy.
396    After the term exams I happened to meet a person that I respect and of whom I think very highly. It was nice that although we see each other rarely he had not forgotten me.
397    I experienced this feeling when I was accepted as a student. Because everything turned out different from my expectations. Although I passed the exam successfully I was accepted as a student only when I didn't expect it at all, namely at the beginning of September.
398    Spontaneous picnic with sister and friend and children - great.
399    Meeting with two of my friends I had not seen for 15 years. They were special people to me.
400    When we took out an 84 year old woman for the evening and had hamburgers. She described the evening out as her happiest night out in 20 years.
401    I was seriously injured in a road accident. The very first steps I took with only one crutch to support me I felt so good. I enjoy being alive.
402    When I found out that a set task (i.e. 2 essays and a test), the thought of which had oppressed me, were not on the date I had thought.
403    When, for example, I was in my eleventh school year and I learned I had been classed for the Bulgarian Language and Literature National Olympiad.
404    Some time ago a close relative of mine got off cheap with the worst.
405    Realizing one's desire, an experienced feeling of satisfaction from the realization of one's desires and aims.
406    I won a sport contest.
407    When my son was born.
408    Meeting a loved man.
409    I sensed such a feeling when I understood I was admitted to the University. I was at home, the atmosphere was still, though I myself was full of suspense. I tried to do different things. When the telephone rang and...! Yes, of course there were other situations when I felt a similar feeling but I was unmindful of them.
410    When I was admitted to the University.
411    When I understood that I was admitted to the University.
412    A quarrel was followed by the decision of leaving a person close to me. Several days later my regret was great. I was beside myself. Quite unexpectedly he came and the conflict was calmly solved. I was glad at the possibility to be with him.
413    When I understood I was admitted to the Sofia University.
414    I am a sportwoman as well. I felt joy when after an year of practice, at a contest, I covered the norms for "a master of sports".
415    When I was admitted to the University.
416    When my affairs with the girl I love settled positively.
417    I passed successfully the preliminary exam for a participation in the children Assembly.
418    Bulgaria won a football match against France.
419    I felt joy when my two twin sisters were born.
420    The period when I was pregnant and when I gave birth to my son. I can say those were the happiest months in my life.
421    I felt joy when I saw my daughter after a separation of twenty days.
422    When I was admitted to the University.
423    The day when my son said for the first time "mummy".
424    The sense of joy comes to me always after a period of depression, as an organic feeling for an upsurge. I don't exclude the situative feeling but in this case the reason is not in me, it's out of me.
425    My son was born.
426    After 10 days of hard work and having suffered many changes I passed my last exam.
427    When I am with friends and I do what pleases me this often happenes.
428    I was happy when I understood that the girl I liked was in love with me.
429    When I met with friends that I hadn't seen for a long time.
430    Six months ago when I got acquaintanced with a person whom I trusted infinitely and from whom I expected help and friendly feelings. With him I found much in common - in our views and in our fate.
431    When I was accepted as a student.
432    I felt it when on duty in the hospital I understood that I was not afraid to face death, that I also helped a little to relieve the pains of a patient.
433    When I knew that my husband and I were going to have a child.
434    I was very happy when I got the message that I had been accepted as a student in medicine.
435    When I learned that my parents were going abroad and leaving me alone for a few years.
436    When I was admitted to the Institute. I had problems with many people about my applying for this institute and I decided to prove that one can pass excellently without visiting any preparatory couse. That is - I proved what I could do on my own.
437    When I learned I was admitted to study what I wanted most - floriculture (this is a narrow specialization from the general one).
438    I was very glad when I learned I was a student already. I heard about it over the phone, I didn't believe it at first.
439    I felt glad when I took the rather difficult organic chemistry examination.
440    I sensed a strong feeling of joy when in the plant, at my working place, I got a message that I was admitted as full time student at the Higher Agricultural Institute.
441    After a difficult exam. When I had not hoped to take it and had got a high mark. When you present someone with something and he feels glad.
442    I was sitting for an exam in biochemistry, I was very excited because it was a supplementary examination. I passed the exam very well and was glad because I recovered my selfconfidence.
443    When I succeded in establishing a contact with a girl (who is now my girlfriend).
444    I feel joy usually after each taken exam, the last one was in February.
445    When I was admitted to the Higher Institute.
446    I felt joy when I was admitted to the Higher Agricultural Institute.
447    I was for the first time on a brigade this year. At that time my sister was to bear a child. I was mad with joy when I opened the telegram from my parents and learned I had a nephew.
448    Naturally when I got myself discharged this was my second birthday.
449    I felt the greatest burst of joy when after being heavily ill for a long period, my father came back home.
450    When I got a message that I was employed as a nurse at a kindergarten.
451    Being invited out by a person I wished to get closer to. He telephoned and invited me to go out with him the next night.
452    Achievement of a task by a friend who had begun a new job. She wasn't confident of handling the situation so was thinking  of leaving the job only after 2 days employment.
453    Felt joy a few years ago when I was away on holiday. And sat very close to my best friend looking straight into the eyes.
454    When I meet old past pupils of mine - and find they are all doing well - I feel joy. Yesterday I met a young woman (20 yrs) I'd taught her at 6 yrs, then at 12 yrs and hadn't seen her for last 3-4 yrs; she was no longer a waitress but a meter maid for Council.
455    My 3 children - each top his class in the final exams 1984.
456    When my daughter was born.
457    Being reunited with my family after not having seen them for 5 years, at the airport. Sheer elation at getting through the "paper work" collecting bags and the anticipation of coming through the customs gate.
458    My mother along with some of my friends gave me a surprise birthday party - they invited a large number of my friends along too.
459    Passing my pharmacy exams which meant my tertiary education for pharmacy completed.
460    Joy for me is when all my family gather around home for special occasions as Christmas etc. It really gives me joy to see my family and relatives and to observe natures productivity process which have been going on for centuries.
461    Letting Jesus take control of my emotions i.e., ill feeling.
462    My cousin asked me to be a bridesmaid for her. This made really happy because I was adopted into the family and her asking me made me realise that she saw me as a cousin and not just another person. There were other cousins she could have asked but she asked me.
463    Joy at meeting a woman I love very much.
464    When my lover and I felt like we had gone full circle. And our relationship was new, fresh, vital etc. once again.
465    A good friend, the wife of the vicar of my church came up to me from the pews (I am in the choir) and shook my hand during the time for an informal "greeting" in the church service. She said a few words.
466    My friend replying to my letter and again saying he was attracted to me and suggesting we write, talk and get together and see how things went and his suggestion that I could ring and doing that it was really good - though really insane conversation.
467    Girlfriend arriving back from overseas and picking her up from airport. When she finally appeared from customs and we came in contact again.
468    The feeling of joy when again I had confessed my sin and experienced God's forgiving grace and cleansing power - total enlightenment and freedome - bliss.
469    First time I slept with my present girlfriend. Had been best friends for a year but had been hesitant about getting involved emotionally.
470    Hearing that I had been successful in getting a position whereby my financial, physical, spiritual and emotional needs will be well catered for. This position fulfils a lot of my aims for the last five years of my life.
471    Hearing Fran Wilde introduce the Bill.
472    Won a prize for effort.
473    I was feeling really low - had been a series of fights with my siblings, been under pressure at school and wasn't going to the party I wanted to go - instead I was going out with my family. A guy called and said, in effect, that I was "nice" and he liked me. Hence the emotional joy.
474    Winning a rowing race at a Karapiro regatta. With 7 other friends.
475    When I won a position on the track-team for the trans-tasman games when I was eleven.
476    Easter holiday - I had been working weekends and had just left.
477    Getting my kitten, found at work several years ago, taking him home in a box on my motorbike, showing it to my defacto.
478    When I was finally able to return to a job that I enjoyed doing after several months absence (I was not needed during this time).
479    At my wedding - standing with the man I love and acknowledging that fact to members of family and friends.
480    Waking in morning (early morning) and having whole day to myself.
481    When my first niece was born.
482    When I went to the pub with a large group of friends, we drank and danced.
483    Birth of children.
484    Thought had discovered true love.
485    Receiving understanding from within self of a subject I had previously wished to understand better.
486    Meeting best friend at the airport (boyfriend) who I had missed terribly.
487    I was very pleased and happy when my older sister came home from living somewhere out of town and I hadn't seen her for months. We are very close sisters.
488    When my brother who has been out of New Zealand for 10 years came to visit with his wife which none of our family had previously met.
489    When my former boyfriend and I reconciled and he decided that I was very important to him. I had always wanted us to get back together again, but had doubted the likelihood of this, so I was very happy when my small amount of faith was vindicated.
490    I did a solo flight from Ardmore to Kaikohe before I got my pilot licence. I can remember it was gorgeous day and I was on a natural high, cruising up the coast with my maps and compasses and gear. Other pilots had seen me off and wished me good luck and it was a real adventure.
491    A holiday at a whitesand deserted beach. A cool evening near the end of summer and we had a fire in the sand - toasted marshmellows, cuddled and drank champagne.
492    Winning a race that I had been training for, for many weeks. (Running Race).
493    Listening to the opening bars of Tchaikovsdy's symphony No.2 fourth movement at my sister's wedding.
494    Seeing my sister after about 2 years of not seeing her. Only spent 1 hour or so before she was off overseas with her husband for 3 months.
495    Talking with someone I admire a lot.
496    I was "best man" at my brother's wedding a year ago.
497    Hearing my girlfriend accept my offer of marriage.
498    When I found out I had passed all of my university exams.
499    When I received my U.E. accredited as I was totally unexpecting it and I was so happy.
500    I received an assignment back, and got an A+ grading.
501    Getting University Entrance accredited and arriving home from boarding school on accrediting leave.
502    The birth of my first child.
503    I was biking with my boyfriend, the sun shining after a long period of bad beather, afterwards we spent the evening and night together.
504    When passing the final examinations for social worker.
505    A friend came to tell me that her father invited me to go on holiday with them in Benidorm otherwise I could not afford to go on holiday.
506    At the moment when I heard the result of an examination and it proved that I succeeded the second year of my study.
507    I can't give one description here. I often feel joyful when I have done things good in relation to other people especially when my friend says he loves me and I also tell him that I love him.
508    When my boyfriend came back after being away for 10 days.
509    When I was making music together with my friend. It sounded very good and we were very satisfied.
510    At an important moment in a volleyball game we made a point and by this we won a set from a much stronger competitor.
511    When the Real Madrid team of basket ball qualified for the final of the Europe Cup at Athens.
512    The day I finished my military service.
513    When I won the first prize in a cross country race.
514    When I passed the last exam, which I had doudts about.
515    When I was back home after a long time, meeting beloved people and close friends.
516    When on holiday in Greece I called my best friend, she told me she passed the examinations and that she had been admitted to the study for speech therapy.
517    It appeared that I gave correct answers to all questions during an examination of personality while I thought I performed very badly. Even now, I don't know how I managed it.
518    Unofficially I was informed about my results of the final examination of the secondary school. A teacher wrote them up for me. When I went outside, I started crying with joy.
519    When the parents of my girlfriend gave permission to spend our holiday together.
520    When I passed the driving test (on the second try).
521    When I started a relation with a girl, with whom I have fallen in love already some time ago.
522    I felt very happy when I heard I had passed the examination to move up to the second year course.
523    I liked to see off my aunt (from Zaire) to the airport. That appeared to be impossible because I had to go to school. For long time I wasn't sure if I could accompany her. Two days before the departure they told me I was allowed to miss school.
524    When I had to undergo the final examination of secondary school, I lived together with a girlfriend. We both were afraid to fail, but it appeard that we both had passed.
525    Passing my driver's examination (after two failures).
526    When a friend of mine had her period, while thinking she was pregnant.
527    Spending the nitht with close friends, after being away (out of Nijmegen) for a while.
528    A fellow player, quite unexpectedly, scores a goal, which means a draw.
529    When my boyfriend once again told me that he loved me after a period in which he felt very depressive.
530    When I got a good grade for an exam in statistics.
531    I had a very pleasant conversation with one of my friends.
532    This week I was phoned by an old friend with whom I lost contact a few years ago.
533    I thought that someone was angry with me but, by hindsight, that didn't appear to be the case, he even liked me.
534    A meeting and a conversation with a woman (somewhat elder than me) who considers me as her child (she also has one child of her own). Last two years I lived with her (no relationship).
535    When I passed the driving test already on the first try, although I felt more and more uncertain as the day came near.
536    Passing an examination, although I felt sure I had failed.
537    The day I learnt that I had been admitted to the university.
538    "Boy, you have been admitted to the medicine school and your uncle is coming back fron Canada next week," my father told me and it was a happy moment.
539    I won the first prize at the science fair, the first of the kind at school and I was only in form II then.  
540    My 21st birthday celebration, when I cut the cake and received the presents.
541    A recurrent lovesickness.
542    When I passed a very important exam.
543    I went to visit friends and it was very companionable.
544    Sitting alone in a quiet room concentrating on things happening around me which pleases me.
545    My sister and brother in law returned from Sri Lanka where they adopted a child. I went to pick them up at the airport.
546    When I got my drivers licence.
547    Every year during carnival I am very joyful I have an intense feeling of happiness then.
548    When I came again in contact with a girl I liked very much. And most important she also liked me.
549    When an old schoolfriend phoned me to arrange an appointment to talk about old memories. I hadn't seen him for 8 years.
550    Occurs frequently. A recent experience: when going out with many friends, nice music, after the examinations, I felt so happy I could have embraced everybody.
551    I fell over head and ears in love with someone who appeared to be in love with me. it made me so happy that I could hardly sleep and eat for one week.
552    I was called and invited to have a talk about a job I wanted to have.
553    When a friend of me came for an unexpected visit.
554    After I saw my family and good friends back after staying one year in a foreign country. 
555    When I go out with my friend with enough money and good sense to our favorite dancing.
556    When I made the winning goal during a very important football game.
557    When it appeared that I was not pregnant when I was several weeks overtime.
558    I felt joy when I heard that I was accepted for the Free University in Driebergen.
559    When my boyfriend and I went out for a dinner and subsequently went to his family. We had a very nice evening.
560    The day I heard that I passed the high school exam.
561    When Christmas holiday started, I felt very joyful when I finished my last exam.
562    My boyfriend was playing with my cat. He was playing games with her and telling nice things to her. 
563    During my high school time I succeeded to play a concert of Mozart on the piano when I gave my first performance I succeeded to play it very well.
564    When I saw a good friend again after not having seen her for a long time.
565    When I went to visit a friend in the hospital. She had to undergo an operation for rupture. I was glad to hear that the operation succeeded and that she was relieved of her pain.
566    When I got the positive result of my examination to achieve the Bachelor Degree in Plychology.
567    When the girl with whom I am in love smiles at me.
568    On my birthday when several good friends came to visit me.
569    I felt joyful when my boyfriend met me at the station, while at first he had said that he would not do that.
570    For a few days I felt very miserable, distressed and listless, with crying fits. When this was over I felt very happy, although there was no special reason.
571    When my boyfriend and I experience something nice or when we have made a nice walk together.
572    One night I had a very good conversation with two friends. I then realized how worthy they were for me and how happy I was to have them as friends.
573    My boyfriend suffered form ill health for some months, this week the physician told him that he was restored to health.
574    After the funeral of an acquaintance I felt very depressed. That feeling turned into joy when I heard that I had achieved a good grade for an examination.
575    When I found out that the girl, with whom I was in love, loved me too.
576    Once a week I work as a volunteer in a biologic garden. this work in the garden and the contact with other volunteers filled me with joy. They also gave me support after I failed passing my driver's test.
577    When someone made me a compliment after an examination just at the moment I needed it. It was amicable, hearty and sincere.
578    A few days ago, I hitch-hiked to Arnhems with a friend. Everything went well: they picked us up very quickly, the sun was shining, I was feeling free and, for the first time after long time, happy. I really had the feeling that I was living at full speed.
579    A close relative of mine underwent a difficult operation, and everything turned out fine.
580    When they told me that I had got a study grant.
581    When my father was saved from a severe work accident.
582    When I got to know that I had passed the university entrance exam.  I thought that I had done one of the exams badly.
583    The day some friends of mine and I decided to go to Galicia on holiday.
584    A friend of mine told me that I had passed the entrance exam to the university.
585    When my brother was born.
586    When I saw that I had passed the university entrance exam.  It made me forget all my problems.
587    When I saw my 16 year old sister at home after having waited for her all night, not knowing where she was.
588    After several days delay in my girlfriend's menstration I was very glad to see that the pregnancy test was negative.
589    The day the Real Madrid team of basket ball qualified for the final at Athens.
590    When I passed an important exam.
591    When I passed an exam which I had failed last year.
592    When I was told that I could take a week off and go for a trip with my friends.
593    When I saw that I had passed an exam.  It was the last chance and there was a lot at stake.
594    When I pass exams, or when a close friend of mine recovered from an illness,etc.
595    When I met a very close friend of mine after one year of separation.
596    When my sister was born.
597    When my little sister was born.
598    When I passed an exam.
599    I had not seen my brother for five years as he was not in Spain.   When he arrived at the airport, I felt great joy.
600    I got my driving licence after they had frightened me with it's difficulty.
601    When I saw that the mark I had obtained in an exam was a good one.
602    When I learned, after the ecography, that my mother was expecting a baby girl.  That was what I wanted.
603    An invitation to spend 5 days at the seaside with all expenses paid.
604    When I passed the university entrance exam.
605    My father had an operation which lasted for hours.  We were all very worried but it was successful.
606    I was studying in the library and a class-mate told me that she had obtained a grant to work in the library.
607    The begining of my relations with my current girlfriend.
608    When I pass an exam.
609    I thought that I was going to fail a subject and so I began to study for the final exam, then my friend told me that I had passed it.  That meant that I could go home, as I do not study in my hometown.
610    I met a girlfriend again after not seeing her for several months.  I saw her in a discotheque.  We do not like discotheques but we went there because we knew we would meet there.
611    A friend of mine suggested that I become a film extra.  The idea seemed very funny to me and my reaction seemed rather outlandish to the others.
612    When they phoned me from Great-Britain to tell me that I could go there, if I wished, in Summer.
613    When I passed my driving test, as it was the fifth time that I had taken this test.
614    When I passed the university entrance exam.
615    I came across a friend with whom I had lost touch for a long time.
616    At a party, on New Year's Eve, I met on old friend whom I had not seen for some time
617    Every time, in the last few days, when my girlfriend told me that she loves me.
618    A party I went to last Christmas.
619    When I knew the feelings of a beloved person.
620    I was talking to a friend and he said something which was very funny.
621    When I knew that there were, at last, no problems in making a journey that I had been wanting to make for a long time.
622    When a study tour got confirmed, I was happy all the time till    the tour began.
623    When I received my report card in C.O.U.  I was afraid of obtaining low marks, but they were much higher than expected.  
624    When I fell crazily in love with a beautiful girl and she returned my love.
625    When I came across an old friend whom I had not seen for a very long time.
626    I received an unexpected letter from a friend I had met a short time before.  He sent me a poem and wished me good luck.  I felt very happy because I had great esteem for that person.
627    When I received some good news : I obtained an amount of money I needed to buy something I had been planning to buy.
628    When I talk to my friends.
629    [ Any situation in everyday life has this emotional sense, in class, in the street, at home, at the table..........]
630    One night, at a friend's place I realized that I had everything I most wished, around me.
631    When they told me that I had been admitted to the faculty of medicine.
632    When I obtained good marks in a subject I had failed before.
633    When I was told that they had got tickets for me for a film marathon I wanted to see.
634    The man I am going around with gave me a very special present.
635    When I saw a friend of mine, whom I had not seen for a long time and I had lost his address and telephone number.
636    I was spending the week-end with some friends.  We were waiting for another friend and we went to the meet him at the bus stop, a  woman we met there told us that the coach had already left.  I was afraid that I would not see my friend, but at last we found him.
637    I was on holidays, and I was going to meet a friend whom I had not seen for six months.  Again I felt very happy.
638    My sister in law was about to have a child, and there were some problems.  They had to do a Caesarean.  After a while, everything  was all right.
639    Last course, when I passed with good marks three subjects which I had previously failed.
640    One evening, I was with a group of friends having a talk.  There was a very trustful and joyful atmosphere.
641    It was Saturday, my duties were over for a few hours and I could at last be with the people I wanted to see.
642    I was going to my village, after having been rather oppressed in Madrid. 
643    Last Summer I achieved someting that I had been wanting for a long time.
644    When my brother was born, everything went all right.  It had been very likely that he would have a deficiency (my sister suffers from Down's Syndrome) and that my mother would be in danger.
645    When I passed the university entrance exam.  I had thus finished with a difficult period of my life and I was about to begin one which I had desired a lot.
646    On my birthday, when I was given my presents.
647    The final marks were to be given in the morning.  I wanted to get there late because I was very afraid.  When I arrived there, everybody was very happy and I had also passed.  We had a wonderful time all day long.
648    On holiday, seeing the lanscape in Gerona.
649    When some friends of mine asked me to go camping with them for a fortnight.
650    I phoned a friend of mine to ask her for news about the marks in an exam.  She told me that I had passed.
651    I was told that I had passed the statistics exam.  I had not expected this so I was very happy.
652    When I spoke to my daughter and wished her luck for the examinations she was about to take.
653    When a cousin of mine was discharged from the hospital after       a long illness.  I had thought that this illness would never end.
654    After going through much shame, I became a Christian and something new happened in my heart.  Joy that overflows was manifest in me.
655    When I first passed a job interview.
656    When I heard that I had made it to the second year at UNZA.
657    When I hooked a girl in Kitwe.  She was very beautiful for my standards, a rare bird of this kind accepted me as a boyfriend.
658    When I was accepted for further education, here at the university.
659    When I got first division in the exams before leaving school.
660    When I had my four children.
661    This happened when I went to check my first year results, I had  thought that I would fail and I found that I had a clear pass in all my courses.
662    When I was told that I had passed the exams.
663    When I learnt that I was selected for form I.
664    When I passed the grade 7 exam.
665    The time I qualified to enter secondary school.
666    I felt joy when I came to know Christ.  That is when I became a Christian.
667    When my uncle gave me my first year's results.  I opened the envelope and my eyes ran into two "B+" - in EC110 and M160, this meant that I had qualified for a major in economics.
668    This was when the girl I was in love with accepted my proposal and everything went smoothly, just as I had wanted it to.  It was contrary to my previous feelings of uncertainty about her response.
669    I was in grade 7.  We had an inter-house volley-ball competition.  In Luapula I was the youngest member of the team and I scored  the winning goal using my head.  I jumped up with joy and fell down.
670    I was at school whhen I received a letter from the dean of my school congratulating me for my performance at the previous year's exam. 
671    My being admitted to UNZA.
672    My first kiss.
673    When I passed my form three exams.
674    As the time to get the results drew near I became more and more anxious.  My friend called me and said, " You have passed."  My heart was full of joy.
675    When I heard that a close relative of mine had given birth at a very young age, in a very remote area and had had very few problems.
676    My girlfriend wrote to me telling me that she was four months pregnant and that I was responsible for the "damages".  This made me happy as I longed to have a child to call mine.
677    When a girl I wanted very much, said "yes" and fell in love with  me.
678    I was very happy when I discovered that I had passed my first year examination and was among the thirty students who would major in economics.
679    When I was accepted at UNZA.
680    I experienced joy when I got the results - I had made it to the second year.
681    When my first child was born.
682    I received a letter of acceptance from UNZA.
683    When I was appointed by the Ministry of health to join the teaching staff of one of the medical colleges.
684    When I received my promotion letter.
685    When I was accepted for my third year (G-10) at my former secondary school.
686    When I heard that someone who is very close to me did very well in the exams despite having fooled around a lot.
687    After a long time (of no communication with him, physical illness and worry) my lover came to see me, when I least expected to see him.
688    My son was registered to get admission in grade one of the         primary school.  The chances of him getting a place there was 1/10.  Two weeks later I was informed that he had been enrolled.
689    When my father bought me a suit.
690    When I heard that I had achieved a place in form I.
691    When I saw my family after a separation of one year.
692    When I fell in love with "X".  Overnight I felt confidence, self-esteem,    responsible and worthwhile.
693    The day I got a telegram telling me that I had been selected for a B.A at UNZA.  I felt happy because I had not expected to be selected.
694    I was very happy when I received the year end results as I was worried about how well I had done.  I was very happy to know that I had passed.
695    When I received a positive answer from my appeal to withdraw my registration at UNZA.
696    When I first came to the campus.
697    When I got my results - I had passed the form III exams.  I had not expected to do so well.
698    When I was accepted at UNZA.
699    Receiving my result slip (pass) on my birthday.
700    I felt vvery happy when I was accepted at UNZA for my studies.  I had not expected this as I had been ill during the exams.
701    When I won some coins in a small competion.
702    When I was selected for the university.
703    When I got myself the kind of girlfriend I had been hunting for a long time.
704    When I was selected for higher education, i.e grade 7 to formI.
705    When I received a letter from a woman I thought had not ever cared for me.  This was when I needed her and I was overjoyed to learn that it was me who was delaying things.
706    Our only elder sister got married and started having pains in her abdomen and she was told that she could not have children. To our suprise she had a baby 2 months back.
707    I was very happy when my scholarship to continue studying at UNZA was approved after it had been cancelled.
708    When I was with someone I love.
709    At my sister's wedding.
710    When the lady who is now my wife accepted my proposal to be my lover and future wife.
711    I felt happy when my mother gave birth to a son who is the last born in the family.
712    When I was selected to study here at UNZA.
713    I was overwhelmed with joy when I received the acceptance letter to UNZA.  This happened again when I passed all my first year courses.
714    When I qualified for form I.  I was one of the three pupils who qualified for form I that year.
715    When my wife gave birth to a baby boy - my only son to date.
716    When my brother gave me a watch.
717    When I passed the first year and so I could come back for my second year.
718    I was very happy when I found out that I had passed with flying colours and that I had made it to the university.
719    The first time I really fell in love with a girl.
720    When my sister's first child came home, after one week in intensive care at the hospital.
721    When I met my mother after not having seen her for three years.
722    For my parents anniversary, we hosted a party and we were very happy.
723    When I accepted Jesus Christ as my personal saviour.  
724    When I attended my cousin's 31st birthday.
725    When I got my results ( I had made it to the second year ).
726    When my girl told me that she loved me more than any male creature on earth and that I would be the only one in her heart for all her life.  
727    When I learnt that I had been accepted at UNZA.
728    When I received the acceptance letter from UNZA.  I had just come home from work when my kind sister handed me an enveloppe which I opened and was overcome with joy.
729    When I was selected to this university despite my having studyied in difficulty throughout my secondary school days.
730    I felt happy when I learnt that I had qualified for the grade eight.
731    My son passed grade 7 and was accepted for form I.
732    When I received the acceptance form for the second year at university.
733    Our basketball team is undefeated in league play (4-0) currently.
734    I received a grade above average on a midterm (chemistry) and I expected onevery below average.
735    Right before I went to a concert with my last boyfriend he told me that although he told me he was going to take me to the concert, he didn't want to see me anymore. After that we stayed overnight and I said "well, when he leaves me I will be ruined for awhile, but for now we're together." I woke up in his arms and it was the happiest moment of my life.
736    I felt extreme joy the day I was baptized. I was one with God.
737    Finally being asked by someone to a banquet.
738    When I passed the B.A exams and my parents allowed me to carry on my studies and do a M.A. , I was very happy.
739    When I passed the B.A exams with 1st class.  I was the first in the family to have got a 1st class, so all the family members were very happy and they gave me the opportunity to study further.
740    When last year in college I received the award "Best Student of the Year",   I felt very happy as I got what I had wanted and my wish had been fulfilled.
741    In 1980 when I was in the 12th standard, we had arranged a small picnic in Kandala.  One of my closest friends wrote a small and cute poem for me, which expressed the feeling of closeness we had for each other.  I was very thrilled and I can still remember it.
742    I met my friend and he gave me a wonderful present as it was my birthday.  I enjoyed having that present.
743    When I got the scholarship letter from Australia.
744    When my elder sister had a baby girl.  She was the first girl in the family after 19 years of baby boys.
745    I was very happy when I passed and went to form I.  It was a great relief for me as I had been very worried considering the large number of pupils who fail.
746    After waiting impatiently for the results of the form 5 examinations for almost a year, at last I received a letter of acceptance from the Senate of the university of Zambia telling me that I had made it to the first year course at UNZA.
747    When I received the first year results as the first year had involved a lot of work and I was very pleased when I got the results.
748    The computer at school had left out my name along with four others and I had no rights for one year.  So I was happy to find my name on the medical schhol list.
749    I had been very weary all week - no letters, no phonecalls, no visitors and then my younger sister came with some cheese, a card and some pocket money for me; and she told me that she was working now.
750    When my girl and I decided to get back together after our separation.
751    When I passed successive exams to enter the school of medicine.
752    When my elder brother, who had gone abroad to study  for six years, came back home safe and in good health.
753    When I heard that I had got the best result in school and would be definately selected to the university of Zambia.
754    When I was accepted into the medical school.  Medicine is a profession that I have desired ever since my childhood.
755    When I heard that I had been selected fot the first year at the university of Zambia.  This was after my form five at Chikola secondary school.
756    When I won the best prize in the National science fair.
757    When I heard the examination results and when I recovered after having been sick for a week.
758    When I learnt that I had been accepted at the medical school.
759    When I was selected to the university of Zambia.
760    When I was offered a place in the university as a full time student.
761    When I heard that I had passed the second year exams.
762    When I qualified for form I.
763    When the Cambridge results came out and I obtained a first division.  I had been thinking that I had not done very well.
764    When I passed and qualified for the university.
765    A few weeks back I received a Christmas card from a friend in England.  She had not written to me in a very long time but it     showed that she still remembered me.
766    When I heard that I had been selected for the university.
767    When I was with the girl I love very much, for the graduatiion ball.
768    When my parents complimented me very nicely on something.
769    When I got engaged to a boy of my choice.
770    When I passed my B.A exams.
771    Being chosen to do this experiment.
772    Doing well in the examn.
773    Getting into this university to do medicine.
774    Reading a nice book and talking about it to my friend.
775    Going to a concert.
776    Good dinner on the National Day.
777    Watching the Asian Olympic game (China winning).
778    Got a big fish in fishing.
779    When my boyfriend and I made up.
780    At church camp when I accepted Christ into my life and so did my friend.
781    During the summer I received grade cards from my TA's. I expected a B no better in Computer Science. I looked at the card - I got an A - I was ecstatic.
782    When seeing a friend that I had not seen in a long while.
783    Achieving my goal at a swim meet. I worked toward the goal for 9 yrs. I was capable of achieving it, but I didn't know when.
784    It was the weekend of my homecoming. I saw my sister for the first time in 3 months. She's my best friend and extremely close.
785    I got an A in anatomy - the first one I have ever gotten in a science class here.
786    Went to a movie with a date, walked on the beach (in Alameda) spent some time afterwards in her apt.
787    I asked someone to go out and she accepted right away.
788    Finished a difficult midterm.
789    Did very, very well on a Physics midterm.
790    When I won my car. 
791    At a party in which I met an interesting female. We enjoyed eachothers company, while slow dacing.
792    Last year my freshman yr. It was a day in March I did well on some tests. I seemed to finally adjust to college, it was hot and sunny. I was walking in front of a frat. when I heard Beach Boys "Surfin'USA". I had this overwhelming feeling that to be at CAL was good. I still have it somewhat.
793    Someone (a boy) paid special attention to me.
794    My last genetices midterm - a decent grade.
795    I received an unexpected B+ on an engineering midterm. I did not study nearly as much as I should have and it was a difficult test.
796    Finding out my grades at the end of my freshman year.
797    Going to Chico to visit a friend.
798    When  fell in love with my present girlfriend.
799    I got a very good grade on one of my midterms a few weeks ago.
800    When I had achieved a goal indirectly. I work for CAL Football and our 2nd win of the season was very gratifying and brought our joy because of the hard work involved and the fact that no one expected we would win.
801    Getting my accentance letter from CAL. 
802    Today I did a lot better on my architecture project than I expected.
803    When I received a letter of acceptance to CAL.
804    I gave my mom a gift she wanted for years. I raflected her joy.
805    When I finally got a job after days of wondering whether I would be hired or not and counting on the money that it would bring.
806    Yesterday when I received a B on a history midterm. I felt overjoyed after having received C's previously.
807    When I drove partially across the country with my father. We stopped in a few towns and stayed overnight in motels. The joy I got was from the feedom I felt and the real beauty of the country.
808    The last time I had sex.
809    Reading a letter from a close friend who said he missed me and cared for me.
810    I went home and visited with my family and friends.
811    Returning to school and rejoining my girlfriend after 3 months of separation from summer.
812    My boyfriend and I were getting dressed up and putting make-up on to go to a Halloween Party. We were dressing up to be two mimes. It was very enjoyable and I thought we looked really good, it was an accomplishment. We were alone in his house.
813    When I found our my mother didn't have cancer.
814    Riding home from school after completing two midterms in two days, and feeling I did well on them.
815    When I found out I got accepted to Berkeley.
816    On my birthday, my closest friends were here at Berkeley pithched in a lot of money each and bought me ten records to replace some of my records that were stolen. They threw a small surprise party for me too.
817    I experienced joy at a friend's 22nd birthday party. We had good food, good liquid, good company, good music, and an overall warm atmosphere. The birthday girl and I communicate incredibly well. I felt very content, warm and inspired just talking with her giving her a neck massage.
818    My parents and brother came up over the weekend. We are a very close family. This was my first year away from home. They brought one jacko-lantern with a new design. That is the old joke that we have a great new design - it's always the same.
819    Football was a very big deal at my high school, so I was joyous when my school's team won the conference championship last year.
820    I took a math midterm and I knew I did really well and it was Friday so I felt great joy because the week was over and I did well on a test.
821    I had met someone and we became good friends. Our relationship grew closer and now he is my boyfriend. I felt joy when I found out how he felt about me.
822    I spoke with a friend on the phone who I haven't seen in many years. It was a joyful event to talk to him.
823    My old boyfriend - yes the same one - asked me out. We had a good time. Then he asked me out the following week. He actually took interest.
824    When I got accepted to CAL.
825    After being depressed because of a very bad relationship, my first love called me and told me that he would always care for me no matter what I did.
826    I spent a lovely relaxing evening with my boyfriend. We played games and talked all evening.
827    Third highest grade in the class and the best answer given for one question (the question was graded by the professor and he indicated he liked my answer).
828    After watching the 49ers lose game after game, year after year, I was finally rewarded with a Super Bowl victory which made me extremely happy.
829    I felt joy when my boyfriend proposed to me in marriage.
830    After much trouble getting together in the first place my boyfriend and I celebrated our first anniversary.
831    Winning a close volleyball game. (I'm on the intercollegiate team at CAL)
832    Getting sent on a company expense trip to another state to work for a week at that plan.
833    When I finished my C.S. Project I was overjoyed. I felt relieved because it was due the next day and I was tired of looking at it.
834    A party with no worries (i.e. no tests homework etc.) many friends were present and good music.
835    I realized the girl liked to be with me.
836    When I passed the B.A exams with first class results.
837    My first feeling of falling in love.  Coming across a person who made me feel love, happiness, joy, giving me a new and beautiful future, who made me dream.
838    After my marriage I received the B.Sc results by post, I was very happy to learn that I had got very good marks - first class.
839    When my family allowed me to do higher studies.
840    I went for a walk on the beach with a friend whom I had not seen for many months.  The weather was very pleasant, we had some ice-cream and lots of fun on the beach.
841    When I got permission to study at a place which was far away from my home.
842    When I went for a picnic in Lonavala, I felt full of joy.
843    I acted in an English play in college and got the Best Actress award, while our play got the first place.
844    When I passsed the M.S.C board exams with first class, which I had not expected.
845    I was very happy when I passed the B.A with first class marks.
846    When I passed the B.A exams with first class results.
847    Last year I passed the B.A exams in Psychology in which I stood first in my class.  Thus I got the first prize from the college.  I was most happy to tell all this to my parents and friends.
848    When I got a first class in the twelveth standard exams, I was very surprised and happy and I had a very good time with my friends.
849    After completing high-school, I wanted to go abroad for a holiday.  I had never been abroad before and neither had I taken a holiday for a long time.  When finally my parents agreed and we got the airplane tickets I was over joyed.
850    Day before yesterday my mother bought me a new pair of shoes, without my having asked for them.  She told me that when she saw the pair of shoes she felt like buying them for me.  I really liked the shoes and they made me feel that my mother cares for me.
851    When my daughter gave her solo dance performance in Poona and there was a big applause, I was overjoyed.
852    When I got married.
853    The day I got married was the happiest day of my life.  Both of us felt that we were right for each other in every way and we had no doubts about our compatibility right from the day we got engaged.
854    When I succeeded in achieving a scholarship for which I had strived hard during a period of financial, personal and physical stress.
855    [ I feel a sense of joy whenever I complete a piece of writing which is part of my work.  Intense reading also brings me joy.  I also feel happy when I reminiscent about them.]
856    When I got the scholarship I was very happy as the finacial burden of the family was reduced.
857    When I was selected at TISS X.
858    At the pre-university, I was appreciated as an examplary student by our pricipal.  This is something which made me feel very happy.
859    The day I got a letter from the U.G.C informing me that I had been awarded the junior research fellowship.
860    [ When I have achieved what I wanted to achieve, I feel the above stated emotion. Also when I am sucessful.]
861    When I stood first in the B.A exams.  Earlier I had heard of these boys and girls who were toppers, but when I first heard of me having topped I could not believe it.
862    When the results of the part I exams came out I felt tremendous joy in my heart.  The results came out after a long period of worry and anxiety, so it gave me endless relief and joy.
863    [ I can not recall one.]
864    The day I was happiest was the day when I received a phone call from Eve's Weekly to inform me that I had won the first prize of the All India Essay competition.  I had won this prize when I was an under-graduate when even post graduates had participated.  I had been judged by eminent judges and political scientists.
865    This happened when it was finally confirmed that I had stood first in the university for the M.A exams.  A few days before the official results were declared a clerk had brought the results unofficially.  So I had been expecting the results but the confirmation allowed me to legitimately feel happy at my success. 
866    Inter-national sports events won by my favourite national team or player brings me joy, e.g when India won the World cup cricket match.
867    When India won the Prudential cup by beating West-Indies in the final match and became the world cricket champion.  West-Indies was the strongest of the eight countries which participated in the competition.
868    I felt happy at the settlement of our marriage, even though we are from different socio-linguistic backgrounds our parents agreed to the wedding without any conflict or discussion.  We had  thought that they would object to the wedding but it did not happen. 
869    When I was a student at the Institute doing my M.Phil degree, one of my professors called me before the convocation and told me "You have got the gold-medal (first rank) in the university and tomorrow you will be on T.V".
870    [ I am joyfull to be alive every night.]
871    My joy knew no bounds when I was selected for a job even before having finished my studies.
872    When India first won the world cup cricket tournament.
873    I felt happy at the end of a 10 day student camp.  We had shared our hopes and aspirations and in the open situation so generated, we had made strong frienships and experienced our own worth as well.  
874    This is one feeling I never betray, but I must confess that the last time I slighty felt happy was when I passed my M.A with a high rank.  This was a few years ago when my friend told me about the result.
875    When I got my B.Sc degree with first class.
876    This happened when I was in the 10th standard.  The paddy crops were in a bad shape as it had not rained and there was no water in the well, so I was in a very sad mood.  I came to the conclusion that I would ignore the paddy field, just 12 hours after this it rained for one hour.  This was a very tense time and the rain brought me tremendous pleasure.
877    After my graduation exams I was waiting to get admitted to a post graduation course, however the situation was not very favourable for me and I was upset.  Suddenly, Bombay university offered me a seat and I landed up in Bombay for my post graduation studies.  This happened last year and was very pleasant for me.
878    When I got my B.A degree with first class.
879    When I passed the 12th standard board exams.
880    After having finished my B.Sc, I was struggling hard to continue my studies and had taken the M.SC exam.  I was not sure that I would be selected in the written exam.  When I saw my name in the selected candidates list I was overjoyed.
881    I was doing an experiment and was not getting the appropriate result despite the fact that I had repeated the procedure 4-5 times.  Then finally I got it right by a stroke of luck.
882    When I realized that I loved someone of the opposite sex.
883    The way this particular girl spoke, behaved, and reacted the first time I was introduced to her, I felt certain that something between us would materialize.
884    I most joyous moment was the day I got my marks.  I was very happy when I came to know about my marks at the M.Sc (part I) examination where I got 71.5%.  This was the highest marks I have ever scored in my life.
885    When my brother was selected to the University of Malawi (the Polythecnic). I was very excited and I rejoiced due to one of our family members qualifying for University level at long last.
886    After sitting for the Standard 8 Exams for the second time in 1979, I had great joy when I heard that I was successful in the Examination when the results were out.
887    I was emotionally happy when I was in love with the girl I had longed for.
888    When I passed my Primary school leaving certificate and selected to go to a Boarding secondary school.
889    Saw on TV China winning the gold medals.
890    Made a wonderfull new friend.
891    When you told everyone in the last lecture you will do all lectures again in English and everybody can come (not only English classes)
892    Winning a game after a long time of losing.
893    Being chosen to do your experiment with aphasia.
894    I got better marks in the examn than many arrogant people.
895    When I got my first unknown compound while doing my M.Sc research, I was very happy.  This is because my research was based on this type of reactions and compounds.
896    This happened a year when I was having a hard time, I got admission to do research despite obstacles in the procedure of admission.
897    When I got the first compound through column.
898    It was about a fortnight ago, I was declared successful in the U.G.C exam this year (only four in Bombay succeeded).  My joy knew no bounds.
899    When I got admission in M.Sc (I) Organic Chemistry, I was very happy.
900    When I passed the TOEFEL with very good marks.
901    The moment I got the news that I had been selected for the U.G.C junior national research fellowship.  It was a dream come true.
902    I have a girlfriend, who is almost like a daughter to me.  She is studying out of station and I get to see her only once a year.  Her arrival is always a joyous one.
903    When I was successful at my work I was full of joy.
904    When I received the best actor award at the inter-college drama competition.  It gave me tremendous joy and satisfaction which lasted for several days.
905    I felt this emotion when my name was announced on the radio that I had been selected to come to Lilongwe School for Health Sciences to take a training course as a Medical Assistat.
906    When I was at school, no one thought I could pass my MCE so at the end of the year my name was announced on the radio that I had passed. I was the happiest person.
907    When I was accepted to study at this school I was very happy.
908    It was in December last year that I was chosen to come to this Institution to study as a Medical Assistant.
909    There was joy in me when I heard that I was to take a course as a Medical Assistant.
910    When I was in Form 4, at Secondary School, I was elected as a school Library Assistant and also the leader of Catholic Students, so I felt very joyous.
911    The joy came to me when I heard that I was going to start a Medical course at the Lilongwe School for Health Sciences.
912    When I was told that I was selected to attend Medical Assistant Training.
913    When my father married a certain lady. The reception was held at Kasungu town Hall.
914    My girlfriend who had been very far away from me came to my place. She saw me and ran after me. I didn't know that she had come. I couldn't see her. She held my shoulders standing behind me.
915    This happened when I was selected to go to Secondary school to start Form I in October 1980.
916    I felt joy when I passed my Malawi School Certificate of Education.
917    When I married my wife and took her home for the first time.
918    My friend took me to Civo Stadium to watch and listen to the music of the International singer Sam Mangwana. I had no hope of going there since I had no money so he gave me the money for admission.
919    The joy came when I first proposed a girl at Secondary School.
920    My sister gave birth to twins, healthy ones.
921    This emotion happened when I passed my primary school examination and was selected for Secondary School.
922    It was August 30th when I heard on the radio that I passed my M.C.E. exams and I was really happy and joyous because of the event.
923    It was when I was allowed to take my wife away from her parents after being refused for three times on grounds that she should first write her examination.
924    This came in when at one time I met a girl who I didn't expect to fall in love with me. Fortunately I tried my luck and she accepted my proposal. At the same time she was giving me a lot of money which was just like a miracle to me.
925    That was soon after the results of the interview which nearly 9,000 people attended in all the three regions of Malawi. My joy came after hearing on the radio that I was one of the people selected to undergo the Medical Assistant training at the L.S.H.S.
926    It was when I was selected to go to a Secondary school to start form I.
927    Time had struck 8 o'clock when I heard from the radio that I had been selected to Robert Blake Secondary School for Form I. I was very happy for the selection. My parents and I were very happy and full of joy.
928    When I heard that I had passed Primary School Leaving Certificate and was selected to go for Secondary education.
929    I met my girlfriend on the way and she joyfully welcomed me on the way home.
930    I felt happy when I saw my brother at the bus depot after 3 months without seing each other.
931    On December the 28th I was filled with Joy when I was told by my bosses that I had been selected to attend a course at the Lilongwe School for Health Scienced in Lilongwe.
932    I felt joy when I heard over the radio that I had been successful in my Primary School Leaving Certificate Examination and was selected for Secondary School.
933    When I had an anticipatory honey-moon with my fiancTe.
934    When I heard my name being announced on the radio that I had been successful in an interview for admittance for a medical Assistant training course. I was really happy and I enjoyed myself by dancing to music from the Radio cassette.
935    When I was selected to start Form I at Chilumba Secondary School out of the 100 pupils I was among the 4 who were successful. Family History showed that I had done better than all my brothers who had passed after repeating for several times.
936    I passed my MCE Examination. at first I was worried but when I heard my name I had joy in my heart and I arranged for a trip to attend a wedding ceremony.
937    I met a certain lady at Mchesi and I proposed a word of love to her and at the same time she accepted my proposal.
938    Passing a very difficult examination which I didn't expect - MCE.
939    When I was selected to a University College of Nursing.
940    I felt joy when I heard my name being called on the radio as one of the students who had passed the interview of Nursing and was selected to start Nursing.
941    When I passed my MSCE Exams and was selected to go to college.
942    When I was selected to come here.
943    When the church choir came one Sunday after being away for some weeks.
944    When I had my first boyfriend.
945    I was filled with joy when I heard that I had been selected for a University course.
946    I wrote a difficult Exam at one time while in my Secodary School. When the results were announced on the radio, I came second out of 80 students hence I felt joy.
947    When I received a beautiful birthday gift form my parents.
948    I had stayed for months without seeing mother because our holidays were short and my home is far. Some times, mother came to see me at school, I was very joyful, and I didn't want her to go.
949    I had an interview for entry into college. The results were to be announced on radio. After a long period of waiting the results were released. I had succeded - tension was relieved by joy.
950    I was given a gift by my sister. There were many pleasant things in this parcel.
951    The day I was told that I had passed my Malawi School leaving Exams and I was selected to go to college.
952    When I had passed MCE examinations.
953    I was filled with joy when I heard that I had been selected to come here at Kamuzu College of Nursing.
954    The time I learnt that I had passed my Malawi School leaving Certificate Examinations.
955    A boy I had been admiring so much asked me to go out with him.
956    When I passed standard 8 exams I jumped, rolled over the ground.
957    The time I first saw my cousin who is living in Tanzania.
958    I was filled with joy when I heard that I had passed my Secondary school leaving certificate exam.
959    When my boyfriend came form Rumphi to Lilongwe for a visit I was very happy to see him and couldn't believe it was him with me.
960    When I heard that I had passed my end of first year exams and I was ready to enter 2nd year because I felt I had failed as they were very hard.
961    When I was selected to start Form I at Malosa Secondary school.
962    I was very joyful when I heard that I had passed the standard 8 exams. The day I heard the news was the day I celebrated my birthday.
963    When I heard that I had passed my MCE Exam, I spent the whole day dancing and eating sugarcanes from our garden.
964    It was in 1983 September when MCE results were being announced on the radio. When I heard my name that I had done well I just kept quiet. I was so happy that I couldn't even talk.
965    I was joyful when I received a present (2 books and a pencil) from the headmaster in standard 6 because I had passed, I became No 1 and he said I was one of the pupils who had good behaviour.
966    I was happy to hear that my sister had won a prize at running competition.
967    When my brother bought me a nice pair of shoes from South Africa.
968    After passing my Malawi Certificate of Education Exam and being selected to Kamuzu College of Nursing.
969    The time when my sister had her first baby I was so happy and joyous because she stayed for two days after marriage before she had a child.
970    I felt joyful when I heard that I had been selected for College education.
971    I received money from my father at a time when I was completely broken.
972    I was selected to come here (University, College) when I was least expecting it.
973    Accepted by the college football team.
974    Article published in the college newspaper.
975    Found money on the road and returned it to the owner through police.
976    Helping in the nursery school.
977    Got a present from my friend for my birthday.
978    Coming to this lecture and listen to you talking about feelings, I am so happy that foreigners have the same feelings as Chinese.
979    Discussing psychology with my friends before the lecture.
980    You told me psychology can help people to be happier.
981    My parents came to visit me.
982    My friend told me he really likes me.
983    I met a friend I had not seen for a long time on the street.
984    Scoared a goal in a football match.
985    My class winning against another class in a football match.
986    Meeting an old friend from high school.
987    My old friend visited me in the university.
988    Scoring a goal in football match.
989    Saw in TV that China had the most gold medals in the Asian Olympic.
990    Joining in a research group studying consumer's behaviour and helping the people in the shop with the sales.
991    China winning the Asian Olympic.
992    Being together with my best friend.
993    My best friend chosen for your English lectures.
994    Receiving a letter from a boy I care.
995    Finding out that I can go to your English lectures.
996    Getting into this university.
997    Getting into this university to do medicine.
998    Aticle published.
999    China winning the Asian Olympic games.
1000    When I found out that I can travel with my best friend.
1001    Finding out that I am not ill (not seriously).
1002    First public speaking.
1003    Falling in love.
1004    Doing unexpectedly well in an examn.
1005    Talking to a close friend.
1006    Found out that me and my best friend are both chosen for the English lectures.
1007    Talking to a close friend.
1008    My father promoted to be a professor.
1009    Found out that the girl I love loves me, too.
1010    China winning the Asian Olympic games (TV).
1011    Hear a very nice joke made by a friend.
1012    Found my name on the list of attending the English lectures.
1013    Did well in an examn just before my father's birthday: the best present I can give to my father.
1014    Had a nice letter from my close friend.
1015    Relatives visiting me.
1016    Finding out I was chosen for the English lectures.
1017    Found out my wife (girl-friend?) pregnant.
1018    Receiving a nice present from my parents.
1019    Article published.
1020    Finding out I am chosen to collect norms for Chinese aphasia (I will contribute to China's catching up with the West in neuropsychology).
1021    Going to a concert.
1022    Talking to my close friend.
1023    Finding out that the person I love understands me.
1024    Hear my name on the list attending the English lectures.
1025    Having a good trip on a boat with good friends.
1026    Going to see a good film with my best friend.
1027    Being elected as class leader.
1028    Getting into this university to do medicine.
1029    Success in university entrance examination.
1030    Doing well in an examn.
1031    Had a letter from my father (usually he does not write to me).
1032    Finding out my name on the list for English lectures.
1033    Made a wonderful driend who understands me.
1034    Watching China winning the Asian Olympic games.
1035    Talking with a nice girl.
1036    Getting a letter from a friend who did not write for a long time.
1037    Being asked to go out by someone I care. 
1038    I went on a picnic to the country side park.  The beautiful scenary made me feel relaxed and every worry disappeared , thus the picnic was worthwhile.
1039    I preached to a F.3 students in a gospel camp.  They thus knew more about God and made up their minds to believe in Jesus.
1040    When I attended the concert of a pop singer.
1041    When I had a good result in the certificate examination.
1042    Yesterday my friend gave me a gift and had dinner with me.
1043    When my application for studying the masters degree was accepted. 
1044    When I first heard "I like you !" from my boyfriend.
1045    When I read the newspaper that morning I found my candidature number on the admission list of the Chinese university.  I was satisfied and happy and the cumulative anxiety disappeared.  I only wanted to cry out that I had succeeded.
1046    When I learnt that I could do further studies at the Chinese university.
1047    I was accepted by the Chinese university.
1048    [ No response.]
1049    [ No response.]
1050    I had a very close friend who went to Canada after her F.B, his  departure was unavoidable.  When he came back during the Summer holidays I was very happy as nothing had changed between us.
1051    When I could study at university.
1052    My friend had organized a birthday party for me secretly, I was very happy not so much for the presents but because they seemed to care for me.
1053    I finished my homework; an important task.
1054    I am happpy when I get good results in the field of academics or athletics.  
1055    The day the results of the university entrance exam was published, I found my canditate number and I was very excited.
1056    When I learnt that I had been admitted to the university.
1057    Talkiing about the past happy hours with two friends at night in a camp a few months ago.  We shared our feelings, notions and every hidden anxiety.  I thought that they cared for me and I was very happy and satified.
1058    I watched a football match with my old friend.  The performance of the team was very good and the team members were full of spirit.  The match was excellent and every time a goal was scored I felt excited.
1059    I received a letter from a friend whom I was missing
1060    I realized that a fellow member had grown spiritually.  I was the leader of a spiritual group and had prayed for him.  He did not want to burn the incense but his mother forced him to do it.  Finally his mother told him that he could discontinue if he got good results at school.
1061    When I saw the certificate results, I did not feel very happy as I did not realize that I had got all the credits until my classmates pointed it out to me.  My parents and my relatives praised me and I realized that my results were good i.e 2A, 5B, 2C.  I felt satisfied with the results and was happy.
1062    When I was admitted to the Chinese universiity.
1063    When I told my girlfriend a joke openly and frankly.
1064    When I finished the work that I had planned to do - my homework.
1065    Several good friends made me a surprise visit and this made me happy.  They are my closest friends and we had not seen each other for a long time.
1066    I remember my religious experience.  During  a gospel camp, a few friends of mine decided to believe in God.  The joy that I felt at that time was more than words can express.  I blessed them and praised God in my heart.
1067    I learnt from the newspaper that I had been accepted at the Chinese university of H.K.  It was 7 o'clock in the morning.  Later I told my family and relatives about it and had tea with them very joyfully.
1068    After a busy day I went back to my hostel.  I closed the door and had a drink, then I read my favourite book on the bed.  Suddenly I felt peace and joy.
1069    I was appreciated by others, especially my family members and my friends.
1070    When I received the letter informing that I had been accepted to be a Chinese university student, I was excited as I had longed for it.
1071    [ During a certain period, I felt successful and extremely satisfied.   When I found that any tasks or decisions that I had made were better  than expected.]
1072    I felt happy when I received the letter telling me that I had been admitted to the university.
1073    One Saturday afternoon, I deliberately dressed up nicely (I had been in a bad mood of late).  I hoped to go for a walk in the soft sunlight to try and uplift my spirits.  When I was having lunch in the canteen, two of my male classmates asked me as to why I was dressed so nicely (they had seldom joked with me before).  One of them said that he had a lounge suit and we would look very nice if we wore them together.
1074    It was the first time I met him (my boyfriend Mr.W).  It was during the first term Summer vacations.  We met each other while handing in our homework.  He invited me have a trip with him and we were together till 8 P.M.
1075    I had gone camping with my old classmates and there was a storm.  We were in a flurry but at that time I felt the love and concern of my friends.
1076    When the result of the certificate exam was announced.  I was surprised and happy as the result was better than I had expected.
1077    I was admited to the Chinese university of Hong Kong.  The day the results were announced I looked in the newspaper and saw my candidature number.
1078    [ When my performance (homework or other work) is better than others.]
1079    During my Summer vacations I planned a carnival for the community youth center with a few other volunteers.  I was the head of the organizors and we spent over a month planning it.  During this period we got to know and understood each other.  We discovered each others potential and we planned many interesting things for the carnival.  The day of the carnival everything was bright, the programmes went well and the attendants enjoyed it.  I felt extremely excited about it.
1080    When high level results were declared, I found my candidature number.  I was very happy as I had not expected it.  As I had been  injured before the examination and I had performed poorly.
1081    After attending a song contest proposed by a band called "Chyne" we (6 of us) waited for the members of the band to greet us in front of the stage.  We went out after a few minutes as it was time to close the hall.  We had been waiting at the entrance hall for ten minutes when three of the band members came out.  They were very excited to see us, one of them was so excited that he had tears in his eyes.  We felt very warm and close to each other.  They took us back into the hall and we talked freely.  We were together for about an hour and during this time we felt that they were very sincere.
1082    When I received the result slip of the higher level examination (an university entrance exam) and saw that I had a very good possibility of being accepted into the university, I felt very excited.
1083    I had a dream : I had a very close friend who had several stone houses in the New Territories (villages) but they did not have much furniture.  He took me to see his fields (I had never seen them before) and there were several inches of clear water on which the sunshine was reflected.  I wanted to sit among the short green plants in the fields but was afraid of treading the plants to death.  My friend said "They will not die" and I sat down happily and my trousers did not get wet.
1084    During the exam period I studied in the library alone.  A close   friend of mine, who is also a classmate, told me that my application for a Japanese inter-cultural exchange programme had been accepted.  I was not very sure as I did not know that the list had been declared.  I ran to the board and saw that I was really included in the list.  I was so excited that I smiled all day long.  When I met my classmates and friends I told them the good news.  I was so happy that I could not concentrate on my studies. 
1085    That afternoon I rushed home to look at the result slip of the higher level as fast as possible.  I opened the envelope very carefully and found that my results were much better than I had expected and thus I could enter the Chinese university.  My diligence had paid and I was very happy.
1086    One night, my boyfriend expressed his love for me in the canteen in the presence of my friends by giving me a present.
1087    When two female classmates and I were having lunch, we chatted and  cracked jokes, I was very happy.  However, I felt that I may have  said something inappropriate which might cause them to have a bad  impression of me.
1088    When I received a letter from the university telling me that my application had been accepted.
1089    I had a picnic with old classmates, we chatted and played games.
1090    It was the first time that I gave a birthday present to my friend.   She wrote me a letter as she is my girlfriend.  The content of the letter was so sweet that it made me feel very happy.
1091    In August,1983, the long awaited "big envelope" (a document for C.U.H.K admission) arrived.  It was in the afternoon and I had not been doing anything.  When the postman, with his big bag, knocked on the door I knew what it was about.  I hurriedly opened the envelope and my mood at that time is hard to describe.  It lasted several hours and only calmed down later.
1092    I received a letter from a distant friend.
