1    When I had been obviously unjustly treated and had no possibility of elucidating this.
2    When a car is overtaking another and I am forced to drive off the road.
3    When one is unjustly accused of something one has not done.
4    Friends who torture animals.
5    When my partner was attacked and lost three teeth.
6    Unjust accusations directed at me and my way of acting, by someone close to me.  
7    When I heard on the radio that the football match in Belgium had ended in a catastrophe, and several people had died.  I could not  understand how normal people could behave in such a way.
8    At my Summer job, nobody looked after me in particular and I had to learn all on my own.
9    When I spoke to Jan-Erik Wikstr÷m on the telephone. 
10    I locked myself out.
11    At work, when an elderly man complained unjustifiably about me and distrusted me.
12    Mad at my dad.
13    When someone stole my bike.
14    When friends try to put me down or hurt me.  
15    When my boyfriend went away for a month long holiday without me.
16    At a restaurant I observed how the gypsies tried to get money by cheating the foreigners i.e non Swedish speaking.  My anger had nothing to do with hatred against foreigners, but it was an expression of the anger I feel when I see people being used .
17    When I got caught in the pouring rain last Thursday and did not have a raincoat on me.
18    When a colleague asked me for help at work, despite the fact that he had more time to do it than I had.
19    The editor changed the heading of an article that I had written.  He considered the heading to be derogatory towards the person I had written about.
20    On the T.V I saw a news feature on South Africa.  A policeman      attacked a group of black people with a whip.
21    We were starting a student project, and the teacher we talked to was very negative and not very helpful.
22    Being treated unfairly.
23    I was accused of having done something, which I hadn't and got very angry.
24    I went to a lecture and once again it had been cancelled, this was the second time.  One had a negative attitude towards the lecturer.
25    In the holiday cottage of our association, two of my pals came to wake me up early one morning by bringing a radio played at the highest volume into my room - it was the morning service at its loudest.
26    We were in a disco and the evening was not at all pleasant.  Despite my not knowing why, I was angry with my companion.  I let him feel my bad humour as I cannot hide my feelings.
27    [ I sometimes quarrel with my mother because she blames me, though I have not in any way been connected to some events.]
28    Two boys whom I know were telling me, in an indecent manner, how they had teased a young and shy girl I know.  They had despised her conviction, scorned and touched her.  I got very angry and did not try to conceal it and gave it back to them.
29    When my tennis match was interrupted because a kid cycled right into the court.
30    I had a very heavy work load and two colleagues, whom I have nothing against, disturbed me by "terror ringing", i.e continously interrupting me by telephoning.
31    When I was deputy manager during the Summer, certain deputies took liberties, more than what was normal.
32    I reached the bus stop and realized that I had forgotten my bus pass.
33    When someone does something wrong which affects me negatively.
34    I saw a report on T.V news on apartheid in South Africa. 
35    The time when someone let the air out of the tyres of my cycle.
36    [ No response.]
37    When I missed the tram after having run for it.
38    When I am accused of something I have not done, I get unbelievably angry.
39    Someone drove into my car and then denied that it had happened.
40    Quarrel in the family.
41    My car had been towed away by the traffic police because it had been wrongly parked.  However the sign had been put up only after I had already parked.
42    A colleague asked me for some advice and as he did not have enough confidence in me he asked a third person.
43    When close relatives tried to dissuade me from studying Psychology because of its low status.
44    My employer took too many aspirins for a bad back and also drank an enormous amount of spirit.  This was dangerous  and he did not understand that he had done anything wrong.
45    The sports fishermen who catch gulls instead of fish with their hooks.   It is often a mistake but it makes me angry.
46    When I found out that the guy I was dating at a particular time had a steady relationship going on with someone else for a long time.
47    When, after a week at school, a teacher sent a note home saying that my son was inattentive and unable to do his lessons.
48    When I was pointed out as a problem child in primary school and my mother took the teacher's point of view.
49    When my parents drove me to a nearby place and went home immediately instead of waiting a few hours.  They could have easily waited.
50    When we were in high school a few guys sometimes provoked a friend of mine.  They called her a pig and then grunted.  This irritated most of the girls.  Once, one of the girls got angry at my friend and said something nasty and this made me terribly angry.
51    When my boyfriend sat up half the night playing computer games with a friend.
52    When my mother interfered in my life.
53    When my father asked me if I was a communist, at the same time he made it clear that I should no longer see myself as his daughter.
54    When my boss enrolled in a course to satisfy his own ends - to trample on his associates.  I have the misfortune to have one of my superiors in my course.
55    When my friend, as usual, forgot the tickets at home for a performance.  We missed it.
56    When I tried to explain to a plumber, face to face, that the toilet was broken and he did not believe it (it had been mended ten times).
57    When I read about Reagan's tactical decision concerning the South African boycott.
58    Some noisy guests arrived at the hotel.  I had been slightly irritated earlier.  At night when I was trying to sleep they were having a party so I went and yelled at them.  I wanted to sleep as I had to get up early the next day.
59    Recently when my sister, who is four years younger than me and very spoiled, shouted at my mother for no apparent reason .  The heart-broken expression on my mother's face made me feel very angry.
60    On the way home from Marstrand I was driving behind my father's car.  Another car tried to push in front of my father and he was forced to swerve and he thus collided the car with a pillar.  The other car drove off without even seeing what had happened.
61    In a course I thought that I deserved good marks but I only got ordinary marks with no justification as to why I was given these marks.
62    When it became clear that a man had used many people sexually and psychologically, despite the fact that many people looked up to him.  I understood that one could not trust him and I was forced to hide this for a while.
63    When after a lot of provocation my child threw a plate on the floor.
64    When I was forced to call the telephone company about a bill concerning a disconnected phone belonging to my landlord.  The bill was four months overdue and in the meanwhile he had been using my phone, he seemed to have no intention of having his own phone reconnected.
65    [ After an examine I had been satisfied with.]
66    Jealous of my husband's old girlfriend.  We met her with her husband and there was a lot of reminiscing.
67    Exchange of points of view with my sister on a family matter.
68    At a cash desk where I had gone to buy 16 rolls of kitchen paper at a reduced price.  After queuing with screaming children; it turned out that I had taken two 8 roll packets instead of the one 16 roll packet to which the rebate applied.  The assistant said "You will have to get it another time."
69    An unjust refree decision at a sports event when I was the team leader.
70    A drummer who had borrowed my drums destroyed both the drumskin and the sticks.  He did not repair them nor did he tell me about it.
71    When I told off a computer teacher who did not want to teach me beacause of prejudice.
72    [ No response.]
73    [ No response.]
74    When the morning newspaper has not arrived.
75    When I argue with my boyfriend, I feel as though he feels superior to me.
76    When during Winter the water pipes froze and we did not have any water for two days.
77    When our religion teacher presented shocking sectarian thoughts and doom's day as official teaching.
78    In the student kitchen that we share, somebody drank from my juice pot (one litre) so that I only got one glass out of the whole pot.
79    I missed the train and had to wait for the next for two hours. For this reason I missed an appointment which had been very important for me.
80    I was watching TV with a friend. After the first film I wanted to watch another film on the same channel. My friend switched over to the other cannel without asking me what I wanted.
81    I moved to a flat. A friend who had lived there before, had left the flat in a terrible mess. I was very angry about that sloppiness and impudence.
82    A friend suggested in a round-about way that the reason we were late for something was because of me, and that I'm often late. I know this was partly true, but felt it unjustified that particular time and I felt I couldn't do  anything about it anyway (i.e. being late).
83    During a fight with my best friend.
84    At my father's treatment of my mother, at his disregard for her, and not being committed to her.
85    I told my boy friend not to park in a certain place because the car would ger towed away - he didn't listen and it was towed away. At that stage, our finances were below the poverty line & it cost us $10.00 - all the money we had to get us through that week (including rent).
86    Getting a terrible exam mark, which I couldn't understand the reason for, and trying to see a lecturer or tutor, but being given the runaround.
87    When a close relative is treated badly.
88    When my father's new fiancee treats me like a child.  She does not trust me and constantly misunderstands me.  I get particularly angry when she says nasty things about my boyfriend with whom she works.
89    My parents did not approve my choice of a boyfriend (now an ex-boyfriend).  He happened to be 13 years older than me and he was considered completely unsuitable for me.  IDIOT.
90    There was a sofa in my flat which belonged to the old tenants who were acquaintances.  It should have been picked up a year ago but they had postponed it.  Eventually they decided on one date and I stayed at home despite the fact that I had other things to do.  They did not come, nor did they call and they still have not got in touch with me.
91    A girl I was with went off with another guy.
92    [ No response.]
93    My father and I had an argument because I do not help enough at home.
94    Quarrelled with my younger brother.
95    A lady I live with had not bothered to clean up before she went   on holiday (I live in a collective).
96    [ No response.]
97    The sight of a man who ran amok (fighting) at a dance.
98    With the job appointments committee when the headmaster in charge explained that a male teacher was more suitable for the particular post.  I had more years of service than the male teacher, but this was not taken into consideration.  I could have been given a less attractive job if things had gone the way the headmaster wanted.
99    Someone didn't show up at a meeting in spite of having agreed to come.
100    When I tried to put up a tent some years ago, I was teased and hindered by my cousin.
101    A drunken friend of mine was beating up another friend, who was also drunk.
102    My mother and her friends were speaking badly about my father when they were separated, and my brothers and sisters and myself were allowed to listen.
103    I was accused of a misdemeanour, unjustly.
104    Meeting generally dominating persons in social occasions.
105    When my father phoned me to come home from my vacation, since he no longer had the time to look after my garden and animals.
106    When my car suddenly broke down !
107    Angry with my brother, who was making fun of me, teasing me.
108    Being subject to unfair treatment in a working group, someone "bending the rules" was protected by the boss. This resulted in more work for the others.
109    One of my best friends accused me of giving up to early on problems. It was only a casual remark on her side, but I was angry and hurt.
110    I was subject to false accusations, and got very angry.
111    I felt unfairly treated at an airport, being told to use a different counter (for domestic traffic only).
112    When students in our working group showed no responsibility or interest in our work.
113    My nephew is a deaf and also "hyperactive" boy. I had been responsible for looking after him for a full day, and was very tired. Then he suddenly grabbed a knife and stabbed me in the leg. I got so angry that I didn't feel any pain.
114    A close friend first said he accepted an agreement, but later used that agreement as a reason for attacking me.
115    When I tried to breake it up with my boyfriend, and he refused to let me go.
116    Having a fight with a class mate.
117    I get angry when people disbelieve me or misunderstand me.
118    Being a spokesman for the union, I got into a quarrel with a colleague who had been acting disloyally over a sustained period of time.
119    When others let me down, fail to keep agreements.
120    I was accused of having drunk a bottle of liquor and then refilling with water.
121    When colliding with my car. I myself was to blame.
122    When my mother treats me as a 10-year old boy.
123    Having agreed to share the taxi expenses, three people in the back of the car just ran off, leaving the person up front with the entire bill.
124    Realizing that a friend had been talked into signing a certain contract.
125    Receiving personal criticisms early in the morning.
126    Physical violence. A friend wouldn't listen to me I repeatedly tried to warn him, to no avail. Result: eight people were "pissed off".
127    In traffic I often get relatively angry with other drivers. Several transgressions make me mad, especially not yielding to priority traffic (e.g. coming from the right).
128    Having gone to school without learning anything, as usual.
129    Being slandered by friends.
130    Angry when our team (small boys) lost the county championship football final.
131    My father accused my brother of having bumped his car, and it was wrong.
132    I had a discussion with my mother concerning my sister's divorce, we disagreed strongly.
133    A conflict with a pupil.
134    [ When I was treated unfairly, regardless of my motives or deeds.]
135    My fiancee and I were at my parent's place watching TV. There were  only two TV-chairs and we were sitting on them when my drunken brother came in and rudely chased my fiancee off the chair she was sitting on.
136    When a girl left me.
137    While in the army, I was treated unfairly by my superiors.  I was held responsible for a deed of which I was innocent.
138    When stupid people push me during rush time in the city.
139    [ An unfair punishment.]
140    I had an implicit agreement with my sister about meeting her, however she had not understood the situation the same way so she did not turn up.
141    When I learned that my brother had spoilt an LP of mine.
142    After having quarelled with a relative of mine about politics.
143    I was disappointed and angry at the bad quality of a documentay program on TV.  In my opinion, the topic was important and the program should have been made with seriousness and consideration.
144    When I realized that I was far behind the others in the language course and I could no longer catch up with the others.
145    I was angry with a friend of mine who behaved in an affected manner.
146    When I did not find the rack used for beating up rugs, in the yard.
147    I had an appointment downtown, and the person in question was half an hour late.
148    I was coming home in a taxi with a fellow worker of mine.  He was criticizing my earlier conduct towards him, which to my mind was unfounded.  When I reached home, I ran out of the taxi and slammed the door.
149    A person close to me mistook my good intentions for bad, and therefore associated unpleasant traits to me.
150    My superior blamed me for some neglects at work in front of others.  In fact, the task in question was not supposed to be done by me.
151    A relative of mine had come to see my husband to talk to him about a problem concerning his sister and me.  I was angry because this relative of mine did not dare to speak to me and instead spoke to my husband.  I got to know about it later the same day.
152    I am a school teacher.  One of the classes does not obey me at all, keeps on talking, does no work.  One afternoon, everything went wrong, and I got exceedingly angry.
153    My mother carried on using mental pressure concerning something which was serious and a real burden to me.
154    On the TV news I heard that Nicaragua had complained about the increasing threat of war with the USA.
155    When I checked my examination paper and realized that I had been careless, thoughtless, lazy and hasty so as to make unnecessary mistakes concerning things I know and understand.
156    A member of a religious sect tried to convert me, using really evil tricks to persuade me.  After he had left, I was anxious and angry for a long time. After the event, I was alone.
157    My father had once again told me that I should be careful and try to seek admission to other places also apart from the faculty of Social Sciences at the university of Helsinki.  I was not at all interested in any other place and had no time to study for other entrance exams.
158    When my room-mates were watching video-tapes and prevented me from watching the news.  The first feeling I had was that I was being treated unfairly and then came the feeling of anger.
159    My friends promised me that they would definitely call me to tell me if they were visiting me or not.
160    When a friend of mine was drawn into a fight because of the stupid gang he belonged to. I felt angry with him and his friends. They could not think about anything sensible, but would fool around without taking into consideration the feelings of other persons.
161    My mother had for some time been trying to separate me from a good friend who, she thought, was not good company for me.  Finally, at breakfast one day, we had an argument and I tried to defend my friend.
162    My life-partner, who was drinking more and more, spoke about kicking the cat.  He had never done anything of the kind, but I knew that he would do so one day, without thinking about it.
163    A friend of mine ridiculed me, telling me that I would never accomplish anything. I felt that he had interfered with my life.
164    While having a discussion with my mother, I realized that she does not for a moment doubt the justification of her making the decisions concerning my life.
165    The outrageous conduct of a relative towards me and those close to me.(blaming us and lying)
166    [ For example, unfair pushing in a bus.]
167    I was at home, filling my tax report.  Nobody had time to help me.  I would have liked to do it quickly so that I could go and meet a friend of mine who had just returned from hospital.  I got angry as both my brother and my father refused to give me their calculator as I had not asked for it nicely.  I could not leave as I had to wait for help and the tax report had to be done.
168    The housing council asked the city to cut 40 linden trees so that the inhabitants of the lower floors would have a view to the sea.
169    My boy-friend came home late one night without having told me about it before.
170    When I heard that my step-mother had treated my mother in a wrong manner.
171    In a tram, the ticket seller was commanding, taking the role of a leader, trying to emphasize her non-existent authority with undue strictness towards a good-humoured drunk who could not find his ticket at once.
172    A male, Honduran acquaintance of mine despised my opinions.
173    During the Summer, at my workplace, a person kept interfering with my tasks and making unfounded remarks.  I felt hatred for him but it stopped when I realized that he just longed for attention.
174    When I quarelled with my parents.
175    A "higher status" colleague of mine despised my attitude and organization of work.
176    They had returned much less of my taxes than I had expected.
177    My parents put pressure on me to buy clothes, when I would not have liked to do so.
178    Disagreements with mother.  When I moved from KankaanpSS, she had promised to help me move but broke her promise because of some hindrance. 
179    I was angry at my boyfriend who had promised to come to see me but did not because he spent the evening with his pals.
180    An utterance, which I had intended to be a joke, was taken as an offence.  In my opinion, this was stupid, and I got angry.
181    I got angry at a friend of mine whom I caught reading my notebook (almanach).
182    When my sister took my things without having asked for my permission first.
183    My brother told me that a person (whom I know) had insulted him.  I am very fond of my brother, and as he himself can not get angry or hurt, my protectiveness was aroused and I got angry.
184    When I saw a big man hit another one, and nobody did anything.
185    Without my permission, my son had made popcorn after coming back from school.  The consequences were a spoilt kettle and chaos in the kitchen but what could have happened with the hot grease ?
186    I was on vacation, and therefore I did not attend a meeting of the day care centre.  Nevertheless, the very day I came back they called me early morining to ask me "what are you going to do about the matter ?" (which had been discussed in the meeting).  Then I got angry.
187    One winter day I, unwillingly, was outdoors with my younger brother (10 years younger than me).  I lost my temper on him and wanted to throw my brother down the snow bank we were on.  I pushed him but not as hard as I had wanted to. We were alone the two of us.
188    A friend of mine had promised to arrange me some tickets for a concert which I considered important.  He could not get them the way he thought he would, so he gave up the whole thing.
189    The last day of school is traditionally celebrated by singing a song about all the students who are leaving.  In the song about me, there were things which irritated me a lot.
190    I read in the newspaper that the Student Lodging Fund was going to build new appartments for refugees (in my opinion this is the state's affair).  This is when only a fractoin of the students can find an appartment.
191    While playing a ball game, I was just about to make a goal when I was thrown off my feet, and I failed to score the goal.
192    When I came for the lesson, it was cancelled and I had to fill in a questionnaire instead.
193    My girlfriend started singing (she cannot sing) and did not stop despite my asking her to do so.
194    New Year's Eve party in the country, I hardly knew a person; my partner spent most of the time at the bar. I had little opportunity to get to know people because our table was separated and my boyfriend's parents were present.
195    At the weekend I wanted to be absent from school because of a sports event, but my teacher refused to give me the day off because he didn't like me.
196    I had a quarrel with my parents; I was convinced to be right.
197    I wanted to go to a friend of mine who had a party; at the moment I wanted to leave, my father said I couldn't go because he needed me for some work in the afternoon.
198    I wanted to see a friend, I had been looking forward to it and had certain expectations, but he did not pay any attention to me, played cards with other people.
199    Recently a good friend only called me when he needed something. He never said "please" or "thank you" or any other kind word.
200    When I lost my driving license because I had been driving while under the influence of alcool.
201    A colleague asked me to study with her. I could not explain things as perfectly as she had expected. So she reacted in an aggressive manner.
202    When we rearranged furniture in our flat and got stuck in a chair.
203    I helped my little sister (13 years) learning mathematics. Obviously she did not want to understand what I explained and started to cry. I grew angry.
204    A friend of mine tried to persuade me to go at her place to act as a model because she felt too tired. It was a quarter of an hour before the appointed time, I had just lied down and did not want to go because it was too late anyway. She said that I only was talking about looking for work, but if it was possible I would not accept it. I was angry about this unjust judgment.
205    A friend called me and told me that she wanted to come and see me. She lived in a village at 50 km distance fom my home town. Next morning I expected her but she didn't arrive. As I got impatient I called her but her parents told me that she had gone skiing. I was very angry because I had cancelled an appointment to be able to see her.
206    At the hairdresser's, I got two stains of dyestuff on my new trousers. These stains are not removable, so I cannot put on the trousers again.
207    A friend who shares the room with me, opened the window in the morning and left the room the whole day. When I came home in the evening, the room was so cold that I couldn't stay there.
208    I arrived in Vienna in the middle of the night. I asked for some silly information - as I realized myself afterwards - and the inquiry  clerk reacted in a very arrogant manner.
209    I wanted to clear up a misunderstanding with a friend that I had caused. A third person meddled in our conversation, turned my efforts to ridicule so that I did not succeed in what I had intended.
210    I went singing with a group of young people on January 6th (The three Magi), a local custom called "star singing". One of the girls, my girlfriend, broke the star. Being the accompanying person, I felt very angry thinking of the consequences.
211    During a lecture, a colleague who did not know anything about the subject, got on my nerves asking silly questions.
212    During the Christmas holdidays I wanted to invite my brother, his girlfriend and their child for dinner. When I said to my brother's girlfriend that I would like them to come at my place for dinner, she refused and never mentioned it again as if I had never asked her.
213    After an exhausting day I came home and wanted to take a bath to relax. My father wanted to take a bath first and when he had finished after an hour, there was no hot water left for me.
214    My mother treated me unjustly as if I was a little child. I said mean things. I was unable to defend myself adequately.
215    It happened in a tram: some older people started to grumble about the young people just because I had not immediately left my seat to them.
216    At the end of my holiday job I got less money than was due to me and nobody mentioned anything about that.
217    I share my small flat with my friend. On her birthday we could not see each other until evening because we had to stay at the University all day. In the evening I left a lecture before it finished to be able to buy flowers for her. When I was at home she called me to tell me that she would stay the night with her boyfriend.
218    One day, when riding on a bicycle path, a car coming from the opposite direction forced me to get off my bike although I had the priority.
219    I was in "Hainburg" in December and I was angry about the politicians and the police.
220    I was waiting behind a car which was going to leave the parking place, because I wanted to park my car there. Because of uncoming traffic I had to wait for a short time - another driver placed his car on the place.
221    I was angry about several drivers who showed an aggressive and dangerous driving habit.
222    When I was house-hunting: Another person got a flat that I would have liked, too, because he heaped a floot of words on the letter.
223    When I wanted to talk to someone I liked and whom I have been told likes me (by his brother and even by himself) however he avoids any confrontation, and is vague.
224    My feelings towards would-be in-laws for their participation in recent broken relationship.
225    When boyfriend lied to me.
226    People hunting animals.
227    At school, a couple of years ago, a so-called acquaintance told lies about me to a teacher I was told about it by friends who overheard the conversation.
228    When I was dismissed unjustly from the firm where I worked, because there where persons that didn't have problems, and wouldn't miss in the jobs they occupied if they were dismissed.
229    When I talked with a teacher yesterday who, to say the least, was rude and unwise and had irrelevant opinions about a friend.
230    When in a difficult moment I couldn't express myself correctly and my thought came out with distortions bringing about highly negative and distorted results.
231    I was angry with a person who behaved terribly at a ball offending her relatives.
232    My sister had promised to help me to do a translation from English into German. But the day I needed her she told me that she was busy - I was very angry.
233    As I usually do not start learning until a short time before an examination,, I once made up my mind to try to work for a longer time. But once again I did not do it - and got a bad mark.
234    When I felt being treated unjustly by a teacher.
235    A friend was unpunctual, we wanted to prepare ourselves for an examination.
236    When we still attended school, my brother and I usually went to see our aunt and to show her our term's report. She rewarded us with money. Although my reports were as good as my brother's, he got more money.
237    I had stolen a bottle of rum from a person who knows me well. He threatened to call the police if I did not pay 500 Shillings.
238    I had arranged with a friend to go with him to Carinthia by car. We had arranged a place where to meet. I was a bit late and my friend had left already. I had no money to go by train. I nearly started to cry because I was so angry - it was very important for me to go to Carinthia.
239    At an examination I got a bad mark just because of a small mistake. When I went to the lector and wanted to talk about that, he did not listen to me but sent me away.
240    When I am discussing something with a person and I realize that the other person is thinking over her own argumentations instead of listening, I become angry.
241    I was very hungry and just wanted to start eating when a friend called me who usually talks for a long time. I was angry because I was prevented from eating.
242    A friend had promised to call me at a certain time. I expected his call impatiently but in vain.
243    I had studied for almost one week for my physics-examination. With difficulty I passed the examn. I was angry about the teacher and also about myself because I had not remembered enough during the examn and because the time that I spent studying was wasted.
244    I had got a bad cold. My father said I must be crazy to go by motorbike at those temperatures. When I answered him that I did not care about a cold, he said that if I did not care for anything I could leave him (it was for the second time he said something like that).
245    My parents are divorced, father pays alimony for me. Two years ago my sister who lives with father, suddenly asked mother for money. As she considered the amount of money my mother offered her too small, she brought an action against mother. I was terribly angry with my sister.
246    A man treated his dog very badly - he insulted and beated him until the dog kept lying on the floor with his tail drawn in.
247    When I come home in the evening, the first thing I do is to sit down and smoke a cigarette. One day I found the flat in a totally desolate state. My girl-friend had wanted to tidy up but had not finished.
248    I was angry about how the government acted concerning Hainburg, especially when I saw a discussion about it on TV.
249    Once when I was playing table tennis I was already sure that I would win , but at last I lost the game.
250    A friend of mine told other people that I was a slattern (because of an occurence that had happened some time ago). When I heard about that I was very angry.
251    A friend of mine uses butter instead of oil when he is cooking. I am always angry about that, because it is an unnecessary luxury. Recently we both were cooking and he wanted to use butter again. When I had already put the oil into the pan, he poured it out again and put the butter into the pan.
252    I had not eaten anything for 2 days to be able to pay the fine for my fiancT. But he stayed in another town and spent one thousand shillings in the restaurant during the same time.
253    I bought an aquarium which made me much pleasure. I was watching the fish when my father came in and asked me how much I had payed for it. He said he would not pay for the current that it would require.
254    When I played in a chess championship, I was disturbed by other people. I asked them to be quiet, but in vain.
255    I have a very big family. At my grandmother's funeral we all met and everybody pretended mourning. In reality it was like a fashion-show: everybody wanted to show himself.
256    When my mother kept me in leading-strings.
257    My girl-friend did not understand me; I was angry with myself because I had problems when we seperated - I could not resign myself to it.
258    I had an accident with damage to the car body.
259    I heard friends grumbling at me in an adjoining room, although they had behaved in a friendly way when I was present.
260    My boy-friend had promised me to come home at about 10 p.m. He did not return until midnight and had consumed a lot of alcohol.
261    A friend had promised to get me a book which was very important for my work, but she forgot it.
262    At an office an application that I had made was turned down because of a scrupulous interpretation of the rules.
263    I was angry when I watched a ski-race. All the Austrian skiers dropped out.
264    My father had bought too many goods for his shop, there was not enough space to store them.
265    My boy-friend had promised me to come an 10 a.m. - he was 3 hours late.
266    I played chess with my 12-year-old brother. I made a stupid mistake - and he won!
267    A friend had promised me to give me a lift to Graz. To be sure I called her before we went. She told me that she had just promised another person to give him a lift.
268    Boyfriend "chatting up" another girl.
269    Heated discussion with spouse concerning new house.
270    A friend whom I had gone out of my way to do something for did not bother to acknowledge my efforts, and treated me badly thereafter.
271    Being stopped by the police for a traffic offence which I don't think I committed.
272    A person walking his dog allowed it to defecate on the footpath outside my house. Although it had happened before, this was the first time I had witnessed it. All the skills I had learnt from PY 263 were thrown out the window when his indifference to my protestation was obvious to me.
273    When the person I am going out with let me down in a situation that I was depending on them, and didn't show respect or care.
274    At one of my close friends saying she didn't like the way I am nice to people I don't know, or who have been nasty to me.
275    As for disgust.
276    Anger towards my lover for being late.
277    I had been having a heated argument with a lover - whose intention was that we should marry in the near future - and was rejected by her when I started to cry. When I stopped crying for a moment she said "There, have you got it all out now ?".
278    The mother of a person with whom we had been sharing a housing accused me of trying to rip her off over payment of bills in the house. 
279    Anger with boyfriend's best friend for alienating me and blaming me for personality changes in my boyfriend and changes in my boyfriend's attitude to him and his obvious egoistical attitude himself in doing so. I also lost one of my best friends - his girlfriend.
280    I was enjoying the company of bird life while I was eating lunch in a park when a group of people began throwing sticks at some of the birds - for no reason other than the satisfaction of seeing them being scared away.
281    I was at the corner shop, which I patronise regularly I had only a $ 50 note and I purchased about $ 3 worth of goods that I really needed - the keeper made sarcastic remarks to others about people using him to cash notes.
282    When my rights to use a shared house had been usurped by co-owners out of pure selfishness.
283    I walked in on a teenage patient of mine (I work in a hospital) as he was going through my office drawers and he had removed money from my purse.
284    Not being alowed on a school camp with the class I'd been in for 11 years (I had stayed down due to illness)
285    Last night - finding that someone in the house had eaten an entire packet of almonds I had bought for a family treat.
286    Finding that a subordinate at work was still not willing to cooperate after discussions to try and resolve an attitude problem.
287    Following an argument with my brother, he broke my golf clubs.
288    At school when I had a shouting argument with a friend over my ability to carry out a particular duty in the correct way without harming her.
289    Doing a group assignment and being left to do all the work and take the blame for any mistakes.
290    Brother provoked anger. It was when mother and father were away and we had to look after ourselves. He accused me of being selfish and a snob.
291    When my mother and father split up I was angry: I felt deprived and "different" from other children at school.
292    At a school dance when my supposed "best friend" kept walking away from me whenever I came near her.
293    A person ignored my advice, did not pay any attention to what was saying. She acted as though I wasn't even there. We were doing group work so everybody had the right to speak yet she just ignored me. She made me feel insignificant.
294    At the hardware store, trying to convert Imperial to Metric measurements, I made a mistake, and didn't buy enough tiles for the bathroom. I was angry at myself, because I hope to be a Maths teacher.
295    Going away for the weekend, leaving my College room open - when I returned several friends had had a party there, leaving the mess.
296    When I received the mark well above requirements for the course I wanted to enter, yet I was not accepted - anger at the injustice of it, because I didn't receive early release of H.S.C. marks.
297    In a situation whereby a friend's actions were deliberately against my wishes and (with) no regard to my feelings.
298    When a friend wouldn't speak to me and wouldn't tell me why.
299    When I was accused of "bitching" about best friend.
300    When I was put into a tennis team below my standard.
301    When my sister lost my favourite jumper at a party and failed to tell me for several days after it happened.
302    While at school I had to write an essay for doing something wrong that I didn't do. I wrote the essay about how I was mistreated and got Saturday morning detention along with a few other kids, but they didn't show up.
303    Getting terrible meals, but paying heaps for them.
304    My younger brother and I had been fighting over the TV/Video. He kept on turning it on and off every 2 seconds and was not listening to my authority and was being cheeky. We fought and I ended up in tears - he'd won.
305    Can't remember exact example.
306    When I was left by the person I loved without any reason.
307    I feel it when I see that somebody is traying to made a stupid of me.
308    I was with my girlfriend when some guys that I don't like made fuss at my girl.
309    When an unknown person provoked me verbaly and physically.
310    I learned that my girlfriend had been unjustly missed from work.
311    I was indignant at the unimpartiality shown by the referees at the football match between Bulgaria and France.
312    When I talk to silly, petty-minded and unmanageable people.
313    My grandfather's funeral.
314    An unjust calumny concerning me.
315    With self at losing an important game that I should have won.
316    I was angry at a University tutorial when an ignorant loudmouth persisted in trying to dominate the conversation.
317    As a child - about 8 years old - walking across a paddock - being set upon by another boy who claimed it was "his land" - being intimidated by the boy - crying, being punched, etc.
318    I was informed by my flatmate that, when we'd moved into our flat, she'd expected us to buy our food separetely - this event actually happened some 5 months after our sharing began. Prior to this, she had said nothing.
319    When my brothers were being cruel to my boyfriend, because his flat-mate bent back one of my brother's fingers. It wasn't his fault.
320    My flatmate was asking questions about my relationship with my boyfriend, whether I wasn't treating him as unfairly as I claimed he'd been treating me. As a result, I was angered, and became defensive.
321    Anger at doctors for their treatment of me after giving birth. They left part of placenta behind and I bled heavily for twelve weeks - due to this, I felt weak and emotional, and they said I needed psychiatric treatment and give me no support.
322    My ex-boyfriend began to date my best friend. After they had been seeing each other, I found out that he had been sleeping with another girl, without my friend knowing, I told my friend what he had been doing behind her back.
323    After seeing an "uncertain" child work on a model for several hours, I watched a "bully" of the same age destroy it, telling the child that it was worthless.
324    When a so-called friend let me down, when she promised to tell me when a certain concert was occurring, and that she'd get me tickets. I was really looking forward to it. She did nothing, just told me out of the blue one day what a fantastic concert it was going to be.
325    One day in a crossroad somebody crashed my car. I got out and this person laughed at me. I felt such a great anger that I got in my car and went away.
326    When one teacher unjustly gave me zero in a test saying that I was cribbing.
327    I went to the school library and asked for a book, but the librarian told me that there wasn't such. However when an other colleague asked for it she gave it to him.
328    I feel anger when somebody forbids me to do something.
329    When they changed my office to another room without my agreement.
330    This feeling occurred to me when my colleague entered in G.V. (University) and I didn't.
331    I felt anger when I had a fight with my father, and he beated me. My mother came to help me (because I was beeing beated) and he also beated my mother.
332    I feel anger when things don't come out as I wish.
333    When they denied a job to a person that I propsed giving political reasons that has nothing to do directly with the professional level.
334    When they stole my dark blue tennis.
335    I felt anger of a friend when she met "a date" and become nervous and pest as she always gets when she meets him.
336    I'm crazy about football. When my team lost a goal in the Paulist championship, and so it lost the classifications.
337    About the car (sadness) I felt anger the way I acted after negotiating it.
338    Nearby the end of the year my wife and I were having a car ride, when it appears another vehicle, driven by a drunk driver and provokes an accident.
339    The fact that I hadn't been informed about something and I had the greatest trust in this person.
340    When I used to go to my chief asking about any doubt about the job and he didn't care, didn't answer me, leaving me speaking alone.
341    When a person is privileged in account of situations that are unjust, and disloyal to colleagues and friends.
342    Once in my work it happened a fight between the person in charge and me. I got so angry and spoke out everything I felt at the moment.
343    When my boss cut off my vacations saying that in that month it wouldn't be possible, and after some time he let another girl take vacations that month. The anger was because of the resentment. Resulting from our bad relationship.
344    When my mother slapped me in the face, I felt anger at that moment.
345    When I was robbed in a bus.
346    One day I lent my tennis I just had washed to my sister because she asked it. I asked her not to soil it as I had just washed it. Next day I looked at the tennis, and it was dirty with wax. She could not have soiled it. It was lack of consideration. I felt very angry.
347    In certain occasion I have a fight with my boyfriend. During the fight I closed the door at his face. He went away but came back next day.
348    My mother in law slept in my bed.
349    In the last year of the high school we had a huge fight between my group and the graduation commission (two students of my classroom) because they accused us unjustly of a gossip about them.
350    When a boy tried to fool me so he would be OK trying to show me that he is a gook boy.
351    I loved a person and he went away. It wasn't necessary that he left me to reach his goals.
352    My mother was ill and asked me to prpare our lunch. I went to do it, and while I was working, she stayed behind me telling what I had, or not to do. I asked her to stop meddling, and to go to bed. When I went to ask for help to my sister, my mother said that I was proud, that I asked for help only when I wanted and that I wasn't able to cook by myself.
353    A girl entered in the division where I work and greeted everybody but not me.
354    When my chief accused me of an error that I hadn't made.
355    I don't use to lie to my parets about what I do, and the two times that I felt anger were when they doubted me I said that I was going to the club, and they didn't believe me because the day before they had met me at FLIPERAMA. I had the wish to kill them.
356    When I was misleaded by a person who assured that something would not occur, that I had no reason to prepccupy myself, and suddenly I saw myself implicated by the fact, because of the incompetence, and irresponsibility of that person.
357    I felt anger when I saw that I was being misleaded by my boyfriend, he went out with other girls. I felt anger for his falsity.
358    When my sister took something that belonged to me without my permission.
359    When I realized that the person I was courting hadn't been really by my side for a long time already. He had deceived me and I let him deceive me.
360    I felt much anger and perhaps I feel it till now, against my girlfriend's sister who incited her to betray me just when I needed her very much. She didn't think of anything, simply passed over everything.
361    Without the employer's knowledge and even without any communication their bank accounts were changed and their personal accounts closed.
362    A ex-boyfriend tried to prejudice me before my fiancT and his family saying things about me that let his family worried. We had to postpone our wedding and we were already using our wedding rings. To be honest I didn't feel just anger, I felt hate.
363    When my brother went out with my new shirt that I adored, and returned it dirty with grease.
364    My grandmother is a highly authoritative person, who lives alone, is independent, but doesn't know to live without commanding the others. I hate this!
365    When I had a serious argument with a dear person.
366    Discussion with my mother about the way to educate my children. I felt anger against my mother.
367    And she said absurd things, false things that filled my ears and inflated my head which seemed to be caught in a carcass where the heart wanted to explode and where the arm wanted to knock down the world.
368    I felt much anger when my fahter interferred in my relations with another person whom I liked very much, ending something that I adored.
369    When a colleague was rude with me because she didn't understand the subject about which I was discussing.
370    I felt anger against a person who told bad things about me in my absence.
371    I was on a farm with a few friends and during the talk I discovered that a friend of mine, was being betrayed by her boyfriend and a 3rd friend of ours.
372    When I left after the examination to enter the University, and even though I had studied the whole year I made a bad exam. 
373    In the University we were convoked to a stroll like a freshman I was still innocent about the manipulation. On seeing the goal of the exaltation to poor character people, I felt anger on feeling myself mass of maneuver.
374    Discussing with a certain person about a job I was getting and that perosn was negative and pessimistic.
375    I was waiting to receive the participation on the profits and did not receive it.
376    Once, during a performance I did not sing the way I had to.
377    I was angry when my abilities of a singer were underestimated.
378    At a certain situation I felt myself neglected and undeservedly harmed.
379    I feel anger when I see a "parent" beating and punishing his child in the street. Recently I was a withness of a similar case.
380    My brother accused me undeservedly before my parents. I was not guilty. He was misled by his wife.
381    Someone stole my ski at Vitosha and of course I was the one to be blamed. I left them without supervision.
382    A shop-assistant behaved rather roughly with me though she hadn't the slightest grounds for it.
383    When my mother decided to clean out my room and throw out what she thought was junk, without my knowing about it, so I returned home to find half my stuff gone.
384    When playing a football match, there was one player who made mean tackels, kicked at everything and did things having nothing to do with football.
385    I felt anger against a colleague of mine during a rehearsal in acting. He hadn't learnt the text of an opera act in the course of several months and thus making difficulties for the rest of my colleagues.
386    I felt it on the same occasion when I felt sadness which finally grew into anger.
387    I had an accident with a trafic police car that was packed at a curve without any visibility and against all traffic regulations in a strong snowstorm. As a result I still cannot repair my car because of the missing spare parts.
388    A whole crowd of us went to a folklore festival. The instructor of the cast where my boyfriend played was traveling with us. We decided to catch the train that leaved early in the morning because we had business on the following day. The instructor tried to get the upper hand and made us catch the train in spite of everything, all the time he made me angry.
389    When my friend (girl) promised to help me go to the hospital and be examined by good experts and she deceived me.
390    When you are unjustly assessed at something you are sure to have been right.
391    They wanted something to happen but I didn't.
392    I shared a secret with a friend and it later turned out that he had revealed it to another person with whom I didn't get along very well.
393    I get angry with people who attain certain status without deserving it, only with the support, authority and influence of other people.
394    I experience that feeling when I am unsulted without deserving it or when someone deceives me.
395    I get angry when someone imputes on me things I never can do, naturally negative. Servility, "connections", impudence, traits that get me mad.
396    I have a friend that I deeply trusted but it happened that I lost my confidence in her for which she herself was to blame.
397    When I was a soldier I quarrelled with my commander and may be in revenge for this he detailed me on duty two successive nights. Naturally he checked me up on the second night and found me asleep for which he sent me to the cells.
398    Teenage neighbours smashed my letterbox for the fifth time in a couple of months. It was a deliberate action of kids who had stayed in my home, had meals there yet took a dislike to my daughter. 
399    I've a situation of responsibility an employee who had a habit of being late, came late again after promising to say he would be at work in a few minutes, then arrived 3 hours later. He had been drinking.
400    A friend got angry and drove "like a lunatic" with me and others in his car. I was angry about his dangerous driving.
401    In the house where I live there is a new flatmate. His friends unfortunately are the dirt of society, intelligent, fashonable, rich and bored. At a party recently they were doing things I didn't like done in my house. I felt angry at them.
402    When, for example, I was not approved to continue my studies at the Moscow University, no matter that I had the highest marks and in general the best records of all the candidates.
403    I haven't often felt this feeling. Once someone stole my garment.
404    Attitude to some manners of dealing and some "sanctioned" relations.
405    A close person lied to me.
406    Unjust punishment of a friend of mine.
407    At an unjust, or to be more precise, at a bureaucratic treatment of one's personality.
408    Anger I felt when my boyfriend told me he didn't mind breaking it off with me, i.e. each of us to take his own road. Because until that moment, he deliberately restricted our dates. The motives were brought to my knowledge later.
409    In a conversation my boyfriend expressed definite and quite pretentious opinions and he took up an attitude towards a theory which he himself had never known. His information was from fortuitous sources.
410    I feel this feeling when I am to fill in a questionnaire or a form.
411    Unfair and unjust attitude toward a person close to me, what I was the witness of, caused anger in me.
412    The doctors from Belogradchik town determined a wrong diagnosis to my son. A month later, after some complex examinations at ISUL (A medical institute in Sofia), the diagnosis was categorically rejected.
413    When I see how people around me pass by certain unjustice because of indifference or cowardice.
414    When someone lies to me.
415    It was quite recently, at the football match between the national teams of Bulgaria and France. I felt strong anger with the Scottish referee who ran the match quite partially.
416    A friend of mine promised to come with me to the cinema but he didn't come.
417    I was neglected undeservedly.
418    About a month ago the Regional Council refused to pay my wife the due maternity benefit, because of bureaucratic reasons.
419    When I encountered not only with my father's lack of understanding but also with his unwillingness to understand me as a parent, as far as things for which I (not he) have proves to be right are concerned.
420    I thought him a good friend but he tried to lie to me several times. Last time was the height of impudence. He promised he would come home but he didn't. I felt a sense of anger and insult.
421    At an undeserved attitude toward a man, when human personality is not treated decently.
422    I feel a strong anger when I am treated unjustly.
423    My husband and I were invited at the house of our nieghbours then we got an invitation on the part of my parents which we had to refuse. A a result they called me by words that provoked my anger.
424    A honest "sliding" on the part of a girlfriend of mine. Terribly crossed I started breaking things and tearing books.
425    I was drawn up a statement for an infringement of the traffic ordinance. In fact I was innocent.
426    When I am made to do things in which I see no sense and I waste my time. Some time ago I had to participate in a sociological investigation and then I got really angry.
427    I unfairly got a low mark on an exam and I failed to win a grant, since then I don't have much confidence in myself at an exam.
428    I get angry when my smaller brother misbehaves and talks with indecent words.
429    I got angry with a stranger in a train who behaved impertinently and immorally
430    I always get angry when somebody deceives me, or tries to conceal his lie skilfully and this offends me even more.
431    With the girl whom I may be loved truly. When she refused to come with me to an occasion (she was from another town).
432    I felt it when a girl who was dear to me lied to my face. I got angry with the fact that she knew I didn't believe her but she kept on telling lies.
433    When my husband stays late at a meeting and I have to be alone.
434    I got angry when I learned how short a time we had to prepare for the term examinations.
435    A chief was unjustly punished on an autumn brigade and the one who was really guilty kept silent. I stepped in front and told the truth. The guilty chief called me in after the roll-call and threatened me.
436    My grandmother's brother had taken active part in the resistance movement. He had been in prison many times and there he lost his health. He became an invalid. When we phoned to First Aid the nurse on duty behaved quite unkindly when she understood how old he was (79).
437    I suffered from a gynaecological illness. I was quite displeased to hear that my roommates had talked about it and they had misrepresented the truth. I felt deeply hurt when I learned that it was done by a "good" acquaintance of mine.
438    I confronted with this feeling at the Institute quite recently, the pedology lecturer was the cause.
439    When on a car journey a fellow student crossed our way with his own car and we had to bump into a roadside trunk.
440    I feel angry at people's indifference at our ability to be present at an event and to stay partial to what happens.
441    It was necessary to organise a competition in connection with a celebration. Everyone was to be present at that event. It turned out that there was no audience at all because everyone had pretended to be very intelligent and no one had come. I got furious.
442    When my bosom friend tried to lie to me.
443    I felt anger at my last exam, I felt angry with our teacher, because he did not rate me objectively and I failed.
444    I felt angry when I failed in an exam about which I knew quite a few things and I did not deserve to be plucked.
445    That was what I felt with a teacher who put down quite unreal marks.
446    I faced this feeling when I realized I wasn't admitted to the institute in the first classifying, in spite of the high mark I had got at the entrance examination.
447    A nuisance used to live in our flat a month ago. I experienced this feeling when I tried to chase her out.
448    I took part in a football match. The referee was extremely partial to the opposite team. This stirred up my discontent and anger.
449    When a teacher though pretending to be a highly cultivated teacher and a man, slapped a classmate of mine in the face quite undeservedly.
450    The breakup of a relationship. After the event I was upset/sad then angry maybe 2/3 weeks later.
451    When my son omits to carry out certain duties at home that he knows needs doing.
452    In a sociology class I felt very angry towards some members of society for exploiting the Polynesian people, dawn raids by Police (Martin Luther King, Blacks in S.A.). But this was just a reflection of my own shortcomings.
453    A friend visited and made comments that my house/garden were not as neat/tidy as in the past. I'd not seen her a year - She implied I'd gone to the pack (I'd only been working full time, and taking 3 University exams part time).
454    A shop in Downtown wouldn't accept my Visa Card - before December last year.
455    When my husband got picked up in our new car for drunken driving. We had made a pact the other would not drink and so therefore would be the driver for the evening etc. I was not present at the time.
456    My partner without discussing with me the situation decided it was time for us to have a break and went ahead and arranged his own life for the next 6-12 months, then told me the day before it was about to happen having been tolerant and friendly for the preceding week.
457    This situation keeps occurring - when my little sister disagrees with me or vice-versa. We have very similar temperaments and I always end up feeling angry at her and myself for fighting so much over unimportant trivial matters.
458    Because I am the Captain of a basketball team I usually organise a roster system so that everyone in the team can have a turn at doing either a duty or a ref. A lot of the time the girls can't be bothered or just forget - I usually have to fill in.
459    When my boyfriend wouldn't dance with me on my graduation night because he thought I could dance with my friends who were friendly.
460    Never really had the experience just yet - N/A.
461    When present boyfriend's mother approached my parents and self - to leave her son alone - as she did not want me for a future daughter-in-law.
462    (1) My father died. (2) My natural father contacted me a year after my father died and this angered me more as I thought he should be dead and not my father.
463    When a man, a stranger to me, personally insulted a close woman friend of mine in public.
464    My anger is with men, their inability to be human (not all men).
465    Someone in my family (my brother I suspected) ate a bun which I had made for myself. It was during a long telephone call after I had just made it and put it in the oven warming drawer.
466    I live by myself and a few weeks ago was woke by a man on the end of my bed coming up my bed at me. I was really angry, told him to get out. He was surprised, hesitated; I started to move towards him and he backed off - kept telling him - loudly, but firmly to go. Because I'd got the initiative, I succeeded. A very powerful message.
467    When during a social evening with my father, brother, sister, close friend and my father's 2nd wife - I had an argument with my father, who abused my friend who was sticking up for me.
468    That a friend had been badly beaten and stabbed many times and the person that did it got away without any punishment from the law.
469    When bicycling along, a courier van started to tail me very close - I sped up and moved over and he just did the same. I reacted violently, much physical responding in the dangerous situation.
470    Deliberately provoked by someone close. Angered by the deliberation not the provocation.
471    When a close friend failed to live up to the expectations I had of him - thereby causing pain to his spouse. I believe that my anger was probably a reaction of fear that I wouldn't be able to live up to my own expectations.
472    Landlord putting up rents sneakly and slimily.
473    I was playing in a football tournament and saw the rules openly disregarded.
474    My sister and I were fighting as usual. She's older tham I am, bigger built and stronger I couldn't win in a physical battle and in a verbal battle I couldn't seem to get through to her to really hurt her.
475    At school teacher for not allowing us to go out on New Year's Eve when on a class trip overseas.
476    Once a person in authority (school teacher) was telling blatant lies about me and the headmistress would not let me defend myself. She was also telling lies about other members of my family.
477    I visited a special education school. The headmaster applied a policy of strict positive - negative reinforcement to the children involved. Children who measured up to his standards were made a fuss of - children who didn't were ignored.
478    At work being shifted to another area.
479    Someone who was speeding was forced to slow down when I pulled out onto the road and proceeded to abuse me at the next set of traffic lights.
480    Arriving home from work after a long and tiring day to find no dinner prepared as I had expected.
481    Friend (male) hinted that my talking to other men at a pub was immoral. He implied that I should remain only with my boyfriend the entire evening.
482    When the bus driver failed to stop and pick me up at a bus stop.
483    My boyfriend promised to take me to see a game of tennis and rang saying he was going to the pub with some of his friends instead.
484    In a hurry to get to lectures and the car would not start.
485    When fired unjustly from a job as casual bar-person. Charged with giving away free drinks. Not done so and had witnesses to prove it - both patrons and bar staff. Other staff were supportive.
486    Towards wife's laziness in not performing her usual duties because of television watching.
487    NO RESPONSE.
488    My parents didn't allow me to go to a social function that all my friends were attending.
489    In arguments with a close friend or relative where my point of view is completely disregarded.
490    When at very short notice I agreed to work in place of a friend who was sick, and owner of the restaurant refused to allow me a drink later in the evening (which is usually always available for workers), did not thank me, and was generally indifferent towards me - I felt I did not deserve this.
491    I "cooked" the engine in my father's car - it was actually his fault because he hadn't fixed the temperature gauge or told me. When I finally got home I was absolutely screamed at and the anger I experienced was over the injustice of it all plus the huge row which developed.
492    My best friend at school told lies about me to a boy I was seeing and went out with him herself.
493    When someone ignores what I am saying or doesn't let me have my point of view and they monopolise a conversation.
494    As in sadness (A), relating to this slaghter of fur-seals.
495    Stopped at a Fast Food shop with friends and a few locals wanted to fight us for no apparent reason. They hit and picked on one of my friends.
496    Came back from surfing to find car broken into and gear and money stolen.
497    I am one of four directors of a company. We inherited land held by our family - ours is the 5th generation. A "democratic" decision was made to stap-bank an area of mangroves.
498    Brother continually interupting while I was talking on the telephone.
499    When my girlfriend of two years told me it was all over.
500    When my flatmate put me down because she "thought" she was better than me, or she felt she was.
501    I lent a text-book to a person I did not know very well, they lost the text-book and gave me no compensation.
502    When my mother rejected my boyfriend and made unfair judgements on him.
503    Most recently when the chairman at the New Zeeland Rugby Union announced that the All Blacks' would accept the invitation of South Africa to play rugby in that country.
504    In a discussion the leader wanted to stop because she was of the opinion that we were not involved and she misjudged our reactions as negative. We however only posed several questions which she couldn't answer.
505    A man kept a seat taken by putting his coat on it after a while the chair was still empty, I asked him if I could use the chair, he didn't agree for the chair was for his coat.
506    The landlord had selected a new lodger on her own, while we used to do that it was not what she had done, but how she did it that made me angry.
507    When someone accuses me without reason and is not willing to listen to me.
508    A good friend deceived me. Because of that little quarrel our relationship finished, mainly because she was not honest. I was very angry about that.
509    When my mother told things to my sister, which I told my mother in confindence.
510    I had to unscrew something on my car. I didn't succeed after two afternoons of trying. A feeling of anger built up itself.
511    I had an appointment with someone at a certain time. The other person didn't appear.
512    When my friends left without waiting for me, after we had arranged to go out together.
513    At having an argument with a stranger, in the street.
514    One day, when I was a child, my grandmother shut me up in a room.
515    An argument among friends in which my opinions on the way to spend spare time were disapproved.
516    When the Real Madrid football team lost against the inter in the U.E.F.A cup.
517    We lived with 3 persons in the loft of a house. It often occurred that other persons again and again climbed the stairs with much noise. When I was studying I couldn't concentrate and got angry.
518    My sister borrowed some LP records for a party. She had left them in the car on curatao. Due to the heat they were crooked, so I couldn't play them again.
519    If they force me to eat something I don't like. For example, my parents always twaddle and whine, when I don't eat all the food.
520    Someone who always took care for the key of the sportshall stayed away without letting us know. Next time he did as if nothing had happened.
521    I am a teacher in arts and crafts (boys from 15-16 years). for them it is obligatory and they dislike it. They tease me. When one of them cut up some material I flared up.
522    I work for a journal. Once the lay-out came to nothing, due to thoughtlessness of some colleagues.
523    I invited two friends. We should go out together. Those two girls kept talking about boys, chatting up etc. I bacame sick of it.
524    I was sleeping nicely until in the middle of the night when I became awake because a friend called me for some (in my opinion) nonsens reason.
525    When my father took away my cherised diaries to burn them (I was also very sad) "Oh, how I hated him".
526    A quarrel with my mother because I thought she said very unreasonable things about me, that hit me strongly.
527    When the coach of our team degraded me to the second team.
528    When anybody wants to make me feel guilty. For example: I should do something for my mother, but things didn't go as she hoped. Then she threatens: I'll do it myself.
529    While playing indoor-hockey, there always is an older man who frequently and intentionally plays the ball out of the field. In my opinion this is very childish, because we play for fun only.
530    When, late at night, I discovered that they had stolen my bike.
531    When a friend who comes visiting me unexpectedly asks for coffee and I refuse to give him this.
532    My father promised me a bicycle for my birthday. Just before my birthday he forgot he promised this to me.
533    My bicycle was demolished.
534    Last year I had a friend visiting me for several days. The only thing he did was sleeping, drinking, taking pills and thinking only about himself.
535    My girlfriend does practice and therefore leaves me alone at night and in the weekend. In addition, she is very busy doing several things. So we don't see each other often.
536    My parents thought that I didn't do my best to pass the final examination (secondary school). When I achieved a good grade they said nothing, but if I had had a bad grade they would have become very angry.
537    When talking with my sister, she often ventilates prejudices, which my father also adheres.
538    When I arranged our holiday in Paris, and my girlfriend raised criticisms all the time.
539    I suffer from a disease of my muscles. Therefore, I am only able to attend lectures for half a day. So, sometimes I miss obligatory lectures. However, the teachers do not take into account my disease, and punish me with detention work, resulting in an overload.
540    When a pick-pocket robbed me of my money (K20) while I  was buying bathing soap.
541    In 1983 a sadist provoked my sister in my presence.  He tried to force my sister into accompanying him to his place, but my sister did not agree and so she was kicked and she fell down.  There was a fight.
542    When my mother quarrelled with my aunt over me.
543    My younger brother destroyed and gave away some of the books that I had intended to keep for as long as possible.
544    When some seniors tried to scold and insult some juniors on account of what the juniors were supposed to have said at secondary school.
545    Meddlesomeness of my mother about the way I live. She thinks I am to free in my behavior for instance when a boyfriend stays the night.
546    A friend came to visit me late one night. He promised to stay only a quarter of an hour, but he stayed 5 hours !! He didn't leave and I was very angry.
547    During military service a superior reproached me unjustly. This led to friction in a lot of situations.
548    When a teacher tells a story which isn't true. It only reflects his way of interpreting reality.
549    I work at a petrol station. When there is a foreigner who wants petrol my collegues treat him very impolite.
550    The stories about the way my grandmother treated my mother.
551    I am usually angry at myself. This happens often. For instace when I want to pet without falling in love and it soon proves that I have fallen in love with him.
552    After a hard day at the university I also had to make dinner that evening. It failed because of a frying pan which broke.
553    My older brother who gives me unwanted advices about problems in my relationship with my girlfriend.
554    Being treated unfairly and being hurt by someone I love.
555    I had a quarrel with my father, because I was of the opinion that he decided in an authoritarian way which TV program we should watch. I became very angry and started throwing things through the room.
556    There was a lot of irritation between me and a person who lives in the same house where I live. Suddenly it became too much for me and I accused him of several things.
557    When I was at an official meeting I asked a question to a person. His response was not directed at me but at the chairman.
558    I was in the library of medical psychology and walked into the wrong direction. A man who came out of a room threated me very denigrating and I became very angry in a resisting manner.
559    A friend started to shout at me. He called me an old frump.
560    Seeing for the first time pictures about the so called "treatment" of Jewish people in Nazi-Germany during World War II.
561    Once again my parents distroyed a relationship.
562    I felt anger when at the end of a telephone call, a good friend told me that she would go to travel next year with another good friend. We couldn't talk this out.
563    When I got the feeling that I had to do all the housekeeping while my boyfriend didn't do anything. This happened in a period of exams when I had to study very hard.
564    We had to move to a very different city because the company where my father worked also moved to that place. It was very difficult for me to make new friends than.
565    I was very angry at my father when he didn't give me as much money as my brother to use for studying. Once again my brother was better off then me.
566    My boyfriend told me that I had very high demands towards him. In my opinion this was wrong.
567    When our cat was killed in a car-accident I was very angry at the driver of the car because he didn't take enough care.
568    When people without my permission pry in my belongings and take things out of it.
569    I worked together with another student on a computer-assignment. She didn't do her best and didn't prepare herself for it. She expected me to explain it to her.
570    My girlfriend one day went out and promised to be back at 6.00 pm however she first arrived at 10.00 pm, without a message (we had to go out that evening).
571    When a discussion resulted in an insult, which in my opinion, was not justified.
572    My father called me (behind my mother's back) and told me that my mother disapproved my behavior in the weekend. However, he didn't tell me the details and left me with unanswered questions.
573    When someone does not listen to me after having asked me to repeat what I said. This happened more than one time with the same person.
574    Out on a weekend with a group of people, everybody felt irritated because at night the music didn't stop in time. And at breakfast my boyfriend ran away because we didn't agree with him. I felt angry.
575    Someone told me that he would stay at my home for one night. Therefore I made big efforts to make everything ok (food). One day before he cancelled the appointment because he had to go to church with his parents.
576    When a very close friend with whom I have a very intimate and bodily relationship (he had a girlfriend) started to avoid me and didn't want to talk to me any more.
577    I made an appointment with a friend to drink coffee togehter. However, for the third time in that week she arrived an hour too late.
578    When, after having cleaned up the kitchen, two hours later I saw that there was a big mess. It irritated me very much.
579    When being made look a fool by the teacher in front of the class during a turn.
580    A friend told me it would be better for me not to be on familiar terms with another friend, although, in my opinion he had no reason to say such things. He only said so hoping that I would search support from him (that, however, was not necessary).
581    I had made an appointment with three friends. We had to go out together. When I arrived at the place, the other persons weren't there. I became very angry because I thought they were gone without me. That, however, didn't appear to be the case.
582    A class-mate urged me to carry out a particular protest along with him, and when the time came this fellow drew back while I had to face the situation.
583    When I first saw a person begging.
584    We hitch hiked our way back from a town rather drunk.  We were dropped in another town which was unknown to us.  I needed to urinate, so I did it on a wall which turned out to belong to the military headquarters.  They arrested me and made me pay a fine of 500 pts.  We had to go home on foot (6 km) since it was too late for anyone to give us a lift.
585    At home when they lost three pieces of my puzzle.
586    My family told me to leave if I was not willing to accept the conditions they imposed on me.
587    Once I saw some children hunting a cat to death.
588    When I was told that a boy did not want to be my friend without any apparent reason.
589    I had an argument with my mother because I criticized the rules she imposes at home, which are too rigid and arbitrary for me.
590    I felt angry when I saw on T.V the last slaughter of negroes in South Africa.
591    During a trivial (friendly) discussion, one of the participants made an intervention which made me feel uncomfortable.
592    When my father addressed me directly and maliciously, thus including me in the "family war".
593    A murder.
594    During an argument between friends, one of them accused me of taking advantage of some other friends who usually come to the university in my car, saying that I ask them too much money for the petrol.
595    My cousins were playing at home and one of them broke a decorative object which was very precious to me.
596    During a family discussion on my future and my prospects as a student, they accused me of not bothering about looking for a job to assume my financial situation.
597    An argument among several friends because of the irrational behavior of one of them who fell out with us for no reason and said that we were to blame.
598    When I failed an exam unfairly.
599    When a professor of this faculty laughed at, and was suspicious of a composition written by a class-mate and me.
600    When I failed an exam I thought I would pass.
601    When I saw my brother being attacked and I could not do anything.
602    When I saw a man hitting a child of 2 years without any consideration, simply because the child had been leaning against a window.
603    When I was young, I became very angry as I was not allowed to stay up all night for the fair in my town.
604    I had an exam and I had it well prepared.  I did the first part very well but did not know the second part.
605    When males in my family try to assign house duties exclusively with referance to sex.
606    When they threw my holder down on the floor, with all my notes for an exam inside it and they got all mixed up.
607    An old woman was violently thrown down the stairs of the tube by a group of louts.
608    I learned that a class-mate had given a list, of peolpe who help each other in exams, to the professor.
609    A typical family argument.
610    When you kill yourself with work and see the number of slakers wandering around, doing nothing.
611    I was living in a flat where things did not go very well for me.  Finally, they threw me out and this prejudiced people I esteem a lot.
612    I was angry when my sister began to talk nonsense and to laugh at the way I swept the room.  My anger grew (I tried to control myself).  After telling her to leave me alone, I vented my anger on her as she did not obey me.
613    When I miss the train and I am late, and I have to wait half an hour for the next one.
614    In a very important basket-ball match where a lot was at stake, I played very badly.
615    I was given an exam which I thought did not measure at all my ability or my knowledge of the subject.
616    When my brother was held up and robbed.
617    A person I trusted a lot gave me many false explanations to justify a wrong action.
618    When, after drinking a glass of water, I found a cockroach walking out of the glass.
619    We were at school, in the room for audiovisual classes.  We were watching a film, and just behind me two classmates were bothering me with their mocking and shoves.  I reacted angrily (I suppose)  by hitting one of them.
620    During my last exam.
621    On the occasion of assignment of tasks and responsibilities in which such an assignment, dispropotionately carried with it high responsibility and low ability of organisation and resolution.
622    When they broke the artistic work of several weeks.  Changes were made and it was broken without permission, they had no right to do this.
623    In a confrontation with a person, he provoked me several times till I reacted in an angry way.  Fortunately there were no disastrous consequences.
624    When I had an argument with my best friend and I thought that I was right and she was not.
625    When I knew that they would not give me a transfer from one university to another.  I began to insult the educatioon authorities and the government, I ended up at the door.
626    My father began to say incoherant things concerning my brother's and my own behaviour towards him.  His biased (authoritarian) and ridiculous point of view made us angry.
627    When I was the target of a great many insults and completely unfair accusations of a large group of people.
628    When I was accused of something I had not done.
629    A certain person started to say dreadful things very calmly, I felt hurt and disgusted.
630    My parents were having a typical family argument.  I came in and saw the scene and became angry.
631    When people harrass me I feel oppressed by their behavior.
632    When I learned that several people had died in the street due to  the cold weather.
633    When I saw parents punishing their little child for something he had not done.  In my opinion, even if he had done it he should not have been punished for it.
634    [ No description.]
635    I was with my family and we found some abandoned puppies.  I wanted to help them but everyone said no.  We then left.
636    I had applied for a job and they had assured me that the exams would take place a few months later.  A week later I went to obtain some more information and they told me that the exams had already taken place.
637    My sister came back home and reproached me for not having tidied up the house, although I had been working all morning and she had done nothing.
638    When I saw a car run over a child, out of carelessness.
639    My parents did not let me go on holidays with my friends.
640    I sent a book to a friend of mine.  The book meant a lot to me and he lost it.
641    I gave some personal information to a friend of mine, and he told it to some others who were implicated in the affair.
642    My mother told me that I could not go to the mountains.  Despite my age, as long as I am in her house I must do what she says.
643    [ One day I arrived home rather tired and found the house..... In addition I was asked many questions which I did not want to answer.]
644    When I got to know about the reaction of a friend of mine in a certain situation.  I had not expected him to react that way.
645    My mother read a letter that a friend of mine had written to me telling me how she had got drunk the last time.
646    My parents scolded me a lot for something I had not done.  It was my sister who had done it.
647    When an English teacher unfairly made me repeat a semester which I thought I had passed.  I had to ask my parents for some more money to carry on studying.
648    When my father made my mother go through really terrible situations, I felt furious, impotent, nervous, upset, ........
649    When I found one of my new pullovers wrinkled inside the wardrobe.  My brother had done it.
650    A friend of mine played a joke on another friend over the telephone.  This friend, crying, called me and I got very angry and made the other person apologize.
651    They wanted me to pay for a ticket twice because they said that the one I had was out of date.
652    When my aunt told me angrily that I was a good-for-nothing and she was fed up with my behaviour.
653    My mother and I had an argument over buying some clothes for me.  She did not accept the fact that I did not like the same things as her, and we ended up shouting at each other.
654    I get angry with my brothers and sisters when they do something that I do not like.  They know this and still do it so as to tease me.
655    One day in a clinic, the father of a child came in and assaulted a colleague for something that she had not done deliberately.
656    A certain friend tried to push me off a seat in a very violent way for no apparent reason.  It may be that he was excited about something.
657    When a person the same age as me insisted that I call him "Mister".  I refused to succumb, but he persisted and I got angry as he had belittled me.
658    When I was accused of having refused to do some hostel work while I was at school.  Actually I had not been allocated any work.
659    When a friend tried to back bite me on false grounds.  This made me wonder if he was a really a good friend.
660    When I was victimized for running away with a girl who was somebody else's wife and niece at the same time.  I was very angry over this issue because I was told to pay him money after having been punished for it. 
661    When I was accused by my brother of having stolen a 5 kwatcha note from my mother's bag.  I was beaten up for this, the money was found later.
662    When I was in form 3, my aunts lied to my daddy telling him that I had told them that I was pregnant.  My daddy  told my mother and she asked me if it was true.  I was very angry with my aunts.
663    When I got a low grade in an administration course.
664    When a friend of mine was trying to make a fool out of me.
665    When my sister broke my china tea set.
666    When I heard that my girlfriend was talking behind my back and looking down on me.
667    When a cousin of mine took my bottle of T.B tablets, put water in it and threw it in the dust-bin.
668    When I was mistakenly accused of being a thief when I accidently gave a fake coin at a counter.  I realized this before I handed over the coin, but the man called me a thief and called a witness.
669    When my brother did not send me the transport money to resume      my studies in time at UNZA.
670    I peeped into Maurine's bedroom and saw two people - Maurine anbd my step-dad.  I thought, " Why did she break her promises ? Why had she invited me ? Why do old men go for young girls ? "
671    This was when I found out that a cousin of mine had taken away my trousers without my consent.
672    The comrade staying next doors insulted me for what he called  the misuse of his iron.  He called me stupid, self centered etc.  I wanted to punch him but instead went for a walk to the mining school to cool off.
673    When I travelled all the way to my former school to collect my certificate, only to be told that I owed them some money, I knew nothing about this.
674    I entrusted a friend with the delivery of some money to my father, however he misused the money.
675    My trouser's zipper was open when I was at a public wedding.
676    When I discovered that the people I trusted most were talking behind my back.
677    " I have been hearing rumours that you have not been allowing people in your room," he said.  This sentence really shot my heart.  I failed to find the right words, instead I walked away without uttering a word.
678    When someone chased me from his house.
679    I went to the dining hall and found that the cooks were cleaning the plates and there was no food for me, and the blue birds  (security guards) were busy eating the food that was supposed to be for me.
680    When somebody stole my brother's disco machine.
681    I was annoyed this particular day as it seemad that the odds were not in my favour.  My grandfather added fuel to the fire, when I  had an important appointment so I unleashed my anger on him.
682    When a friend told me that my education had nothing to do with our discussion.  This friend has failed the 7th grade, what made me angry was that I had not used my education to argue.
683    This happened recently, I  was in the dining hall and one of my friends with whom I was eating called me a fool.
684    When my daughter began staying away from classes - at the age of nine only.
685    I reachad home to find that my baby had not been bathed and fed.
686    When the dean of UNZA asked me to vacate a big flat I was occupying and take up a smaller one as I was becoming a full time student at UNZA.
687    I was annoyed when a person higher up asked me why a particular job was not done, it was not my job to do it.  
688    When I was mistreated by my step-mother.
689    When a friend and me played a joke on our boyfriends.  Her boyfriend came up and accused me of having planned the whole thing and said that I did not deserve my boyfriend.  He embarassed me in front of a crowd.
690    The juniors in our dormitory at school started to complain and make a lot of noise about the duties assigned to them by the prefect who was my class-mate and was very cool and dull.
691    My room-mate locked up our room without specifying where I would find the keys.  I had to spend several hours in my other friend's room.
692    I was badly beaten up by one of my friends during a wedding party.
693    I had gone home for a week-end and when I came back I found that my clothes and my bedding had been stolen.
694    When I found out that my sister had been playing with my confidential things which she had taken from my hand-bag.
695    When my room-mate locked me out deliberately, before an exam due at 1400 hours.
696    When my friends tried to discriminate against my friendship with certain other friends which they thought was improper.
697    I told my friend something confidential which was supposed to remain between the two of us.  The next thing that happened was that a girl who is not even close to us came laughing and askad me to tell her about it.  I was very angry with my friend as I had trusted her.
698    I was asked to stop studying economics, a field which interested me, by my employers.
699    When an argument with a friend of mine over our behaviour towards another friend turned into a quarrel.   I lost my temper and nearly knocked him out.
700    When my father did not get back from Chipata on time, he was thus holding back progress as everything depended on him.  I felt angry over his actions.
701    When my aunt scolded me for something I was not responsible for.  A boy had come to our gate asking for me, my aunt went out to see him.  I had neither met nor known the boy.
702    At boarding school someone put a lot of tiny thorns on my bed.  When I complained everybody began teasing me and laughing at my inability to find out my enemies.  I lost my temper.
703    A teacher at my former secondary school forced my darling to marry him.  The girl tried to refuse but her parents would not leave her alone.
704    My little niece, who is very talkative, suddenly became very naughty and began wetting her pants.  She did it one afternoon.
705    When my dress and a few other things were stolen from my wardrobe.
706    When I saw my younger sister being bothered by a boy she did not know.
707    When the university withdrew the accomodation that it had given me.
708    When I could not reason my friend, it angered me.
709    I had planned to go to town with my friend at 1500 hours but she went for the registration and I waited for a good 1 and a 1/2 hours.  It was vital for me to go to town but I could not as it was she who had the money.  Finally I borrowed some money from friends and we went to town.  I was really angry with my friend.
710    When someone took my pen away.
711    Being made to look like a fool by a girl.
712    When I was locked out of my room by my room-mate's friend.
713    When a thief broke into my house and stole some valuable goods.
714    I felt very angry when a mishanga seller robbed me of the transport money I had to go to school.
715    When my wife told me that the refrigerator had stopped working.
716    In 1982, I was annoyed at an uncle who was drunk and was beating up his old father.  He claimed that the father was responsible for his guardian's failure.
717    When I got home I found that the electrical supply had been disconnected despite my having paid ZESCO the full bill a few  days earlier.
718    When my colleague spat on my face after a quarrel.
719    When I was insulted by a fellow student.
720    One day I had an appointment with my boyfriend which I had objected to in the begining, however he visited me and convinced me to come.  The day of the appointment; I had to wait for him for over an hour.
721    One of my colleagues accused me of having stolen his iron and I was sure that I had done no such thing.
722    When my kid brother broke my reading spectacles.
723    A very close friend of mine was refused entrance to the medical school.  Her grades were very good and she should not have been left out.  Biased judgment !
724    When a boy who was drunk came into my room and misbehaved in the presence of my boyfriend.
725    Some people were sitting outside and saying things which were not really true.
726    When my sister came home late one day and thus disobeyed my parents.
727    When I was subjected to a very nasty joke by a group of friends.
728    When I discovered that my girlfriend was going around with another boy.
729    When a kid dropped my father's radio cassette player, which he had just repaired.
730    When I was beaten up by thieves on behalf of some friends of mine as they thought that I had a lot of money and would not part with a few coins for their drinks.
731    A certain boy came into my room and started telling me that I was not pretty, that I had no manners and that I should learn some.  I had just come to campus and he was in fourth year.
732    When I met my new girlfriend with another man in the street.
733    I wrote an assignment and was given less marks than a friend with whom I had previously discussed the assignment.
734    I got into an argument with a photographer for whom I had to pose twelve times, over  a period of four weeks, before I could get a snap of mine.  Every time the film was processed my snap did not come out although the others did.
735    When I found my boyfriend, who I had been dating for a year, at another girl's house. We had had previous conflicts concerning the girl, but he had always claimed they were just friends.
736    I saw in a movie a block on which affluence and poverty existed. I saw that the rich made no attempts to help the poor.
737    Someone signed up for a workshift at the co-op where I live and she did not want to work the switchboard. I became very angry. She had mentioned earlier that she wanted and needed the workshift to me so I did not sign up.
738    One of my first boyfriends got mad at me because a lot of my close friends were guys and he didn't want me to see them anymore because he was jealous.
739    I experienced anger most recently when I had committed a sin which I had gone a week and a half without doing. I had made a vow to God and had blown it. Now I had to start all over.
740    A few weeks back, as I was in a hurry to leave the house, I left some of my things lying around.  This is something I never do. My uncle,who lives with us, as we live in a joint family, remarked that we were always doing things like  this.  This really got me mad.
741    When I get home late my father scolds me and this makes me angry.
742    When my brother got very low marks in the exams, I was very angry. I put my studies aside to help him, as every time my brother does  badly at school, my family members blame me as well.
743    [ It irritates me when people talk about me behind my back.  I    prefer people to tell me what they have to, on my face instead of talking behind my back.]
744    One night we, all the family members, were sitting in the front corridor of the house when a gentleman looking person came in.  He was my father's client and he had come to bribe my father in connection with the proceeding case.  At my father's refusal he abused my father, my brother and I could not control our temper and we rushed at him.
745    When a person whom I had invited did not come on the appointed day and time.
746    [ When I do not get any co-operation from my friends/partners.]
747    When my room-mate locked up the keys of my room in our room after I had told her that I was  only in the bathroom having a shower.  She left and I had to do without supper.
748    When someone I trusted very much, disappointed me.
749    A few monthe ago, when my brother's wife told me that I had bad manners.  To make matters worse she did not let me use their telephone as she only allowed people of her own tribe.
750    When a boy, who was drunk, insulted me in front of a crowd.  I was stopped from punching him for it.
751    I had gone on a vacation and my mother left home without leaving me any thing - money to come back to school.
752    I had worked very hard during my vacations to raise some money for a few major items (e.g a radio).  but when I arrived at the inter-city bus terminal, my hard earned money had been stolen from me.
753    When my girlfriend left me to go out with another guy, even though she knew that she was wrong.
754    When my father banned me from going to his sister's home due to some misunderstanding between the two.
755    I was in love with a very beautiful girl and when I went back for my holidays I found her wth another guy who she said was just a friend.  Later I found them together and was convinced that there was something fishy.
756    When I learnt that my younger sister had been expelled from secondary school because she was pregnant.  That was the second time that this happened in the family - the first time it had been my elder sister.
757    When I was accused of having planned my friend's outing at secondary school (boarding) as we were not allowed to go out.
758    When my brother-in-law's brother stole my clothes when my brother-in-law and I had gone to cut wood for the fire.
759    Being hooted at when I was learning to drive.
760    When someone took my things without having asked for my permission.
761    When my room-mate was making noise deliberately, by playing a flute early in the morning while I was trying to study.
762    When a few girls were talking rubbish about me.
763    When our government decided to withdraw student allowances as it was one of the conditions imposed by the IMF. 
764    When I heard that an acquaintance of mine was spreading rumours about my affair with a close friend.
765    When the paramilitary was sent to the UNZA and it started using tear gas and started intimidating the students without any provocation.
766    In form three we were taking our mock exams and someone else (a friend) was making noise when the examinateur picked on me and said that he would tear up my answer sheet.  I got very angry with the girls involved.
767    When my father failed to send me transport money after the closure of the school.
768    I once failed a test miserably and my friend did very well and someone made a nasty comment while comparing me to my friend.
769    The government's announcement of the withdrawal of the student allowances in 1984.
770    I was really angry when the President general of UNZASU was arrested by policemen.
771    [ When some difference of opinion occurs in a silly situation.]  
772    When my mother scolded me for coming home late, i.e after 7 P.M.
773    When my boyfriend told me that it would be difficult for him to marry me.
774    Someone borrowed my textbook and deliberately did not return it.
775    Bad food in the students' dining hall.
776    Someone messing up the room we share.
777    Insulted by the class leader.
778    Tripped on a busy street.
779    Seeing this badly made questionnaire.
780    People having a football match outside the window during the lecture.
781    A father helping his kid to fight other kids.
782    My mother and my sister carried on picking at me all day long for no reason at all and I ended up getting angry.
783    A friend of mine came to visit and stayed with my roommate and me. My roommate and she became good friends. After she left, he didn't talk too highly of her.
784    I felt anger at my roommate due to his habit of leaving dirty dishes in the sink and generally not cleaning after himself.
785    Going to Cowell Hospital and finding out tediously that I had a stress fracture. The anger came when the senile doctors found out 4 weeks later that I had 2 stress fractures in one foot and should have had crutches. I was in distinct pain and barely could walk to classes. They said it would be better in 2 weeks.
786    When I found out my cousin had been killed. I was angry at the world, and her murderer who was her ex-boyfriend. It was the worst and most hateful day of my life.
787    I caught a "peeping tom" at my window when I was getting undressed.
788    I am currently taking CS 50P. I had to finish a couple of assignments but I was hindered because I could not get a passing score on my program.
789    During a dance someone slashed my tires and dumped paint on my car. I had four other friends with me that I drove and furthermore it was raining.
790    I was called racial slurs behind my back.
791    A friend doesn't let me study when I want to. She doesn't feel I need to study and doesn't understand how important studying is to me. I get very angry with her.
792    I came home one day and discovered that my sister had borrowed my car and had gotten into an accident with it. My entire front bumper was destroyed.
793    I live with my sister now and sometimes she angers me especially when she thinks I don't keep the apt. clean enough.
794    Last semester when I dated a girl whom I've known for almost a year. However one night she said she wanted us to be "just friends". I confided this to a friend Jim I was really suffering. A month or two later he broke up with his old girlfriend and they started going out regularly. I have no girlfriend nor have I had a romantic relationship of any significance. I feel some anger but we are friends again.
795    My roommate leaving my drawers in a mess after plowing thourgh them looking for something.
796    When someone threw a firecracker into my room at 7:00 am in the morning.
797    I was supposed to meet my girlfriend at a pre-arranged place but it took me an hour to find her.
798    When I found out that my good friend and roommate did not pay the phone bill and electric bill like he promised and let me down.
799    When the person I'm having the affair with won't talk to me in public.
800    When people would tell me that my ex-girlfriend was playing around on me.
801    My peers didn't want me to meet someone during rush for fear that I would give her a bad outlook on our Sororoty house. I shouldn't have seen this, but they blew and I did.
802    I had worked long and hard on a project when a friend inadvertantly destroyed it. I could not forgive him for a long time. And at times still get angry at him.
803    I went out dancing and found my boyfriend kissing another girl.
804    This summer I got into a fight with one of our patrons (at a theatre). He hit me and I hit him and her friend, he hit my friend and we all hit eachother.
805    When someone told a secret I told them not to tell.
806    After a long trip in my dad's van without incident I stopped to fill the tank with gas and dented the side of the van against the pole. Then my cars electrical system would not work when I tried to drive home from his house.
807    A time when, as part of my work, I was sent out actually sort of volunteered to run an errand for someone who had no authority to send me out and the address was very far especially on foot and turned out to be incorrect too. The whole trip was a waste.
808    A month ago when one of my fellow workers got a promotion over me. It was just a small promotion but recognition was involved.
809    I can't remember being truly angry. Usually it's just disappointment that I feel. One situation would be with my brother. He and I used to be close but now he seems to be avoiding me.
810    Physically fighting with my girlfriend because she just walked out of a room of my friends and had pushed and cursed at me when I went to find her.
811    When a close friend did not write.
812    While I was away for the weekend some friends went into my room and played my very expensive stereo without asking me or my roommate.
813    I bought a new bed for my apt. and it squeaks when you move on it. I tried to fix it but could not.
814    I had been searching for housing for Fall at UCB and I was finally offered a place - then an ordeal followed, first I accepted then refused - related to my parents judgment (they're paying for me). Turns out that I was so upset at what my Dad said to me that I hung up on him. He called back and threatened to cut me off financially and emotionally.
815    When some friends betrayed my friendship.
816    Argument with roommate over a lock he had put on kitchen cupboard without telling anyone.
817    When a friend carelessly broke and object in my parent's house and did not apologize, or pay, or anything.
818    I received a poor grade on a midterm even though I got all the right answers and knew the material. I went to the TA to try to raise my grade and he wouldn't do it.
819    A co-worker and I had to rush a project. I was only working there for one month and he for some years. Instead of letting me know that he wanted to do the project himself, he went to the superviser and let the superviser tell me to let the co-worker do it himself since he was quicker at it.
820    I had just seen my pseudo-girlfriend and our conversation angered me greatly.
821    While studying chemistry with a friend we became angry with eachother because we were both fed up.
822    I was really pissed when the Russians boycotted the '84 Olympics. I had anger towards them and Jimmy Crter. I was very anxious to see it.
823    When I was faced with writing an essay and I didn't want to do it I was angry that I had to write an essay and angry at myself for not having the time to write a good essay.
824    One of my friends kept criticizing me about everything I did. I thought she was kidding, but later I found out that she was serious.
825    I typed up a letter for this physician at work. She didn't care for my style, even though she was not using correct English. I told her it was her letter and we would do it her way.
826    My boyfriend breaking up with me about 7 months after I had an abortion. Just the fact that he was ignoring me and continued to do so.
827    When my roommate's boyfriend assaulted me. He was threatening me, calling me names and pushing me around.
828    When someone tried to rape one of my best friends and he claimed it was her fault. He the hassled her, claimed she was loose, and threatened to sue her.
829    When my roommate's moped was stolen I was very angry.
830    We are repainting rooms in my house. My mother started to enact plans to paint my room without consulting me.
831    I was rushing home from school because there was a 49er game that night. I got into a non-injury accident, which was all my fault, but destroyed the front of my car. The truck I hit was undamaged.
832    After I said something that my boyfriend disagreed with, he walked away from me without discussing what bothered him. I became very angry with him for treating me this way. Yesterday, November 14.
833    Sometimes when I go to work my crazy boss (a hyper Jewish lawyer) insists I do things his way (filing, typing, etc.). He sometimes blames me for things I didn't do, and I can't yell back at him.
834    Same situation as before - having my car stolen.
835    Having my personal objects rearranged by someone else without my consent and having it arranged to their taste. Then trying to find a particular object they rearranged for an hour or more.
836    I came out of the house at 7:20 am Monday morning getting ready t go to school and fight for a parking when I saw my car had a flat tire.
837    I was stood up for a date function by someone who I really cared for.
838    When my dad told me about something he had done against my mother.
839    When I failed my S.S.C exam.
840    I was angry at my brother over an argument we had together.  We do have a few fights from time to time, and also at times I take out my anger on him.
841    I felt angry when my mother-in-law did not handle my daughter properly and she fell down from the bed and hurt her head.
842    When my father talks about our relatives and favours them, I feel angry.
843    I was walking on a street alone in the afternoon when there were not too many people on the street.  A couple of guys were following me and I was ignoring them.  Suddenly one of them came in front of me and started using dirty language and harrassing me.  I got very angry and wanted to strike back at them.
844    [ I feel angry when somebody is unjust to me.]
845    I was angry this morning when I missed the train to university.
846    I was to meet a friend at the bus-stop (he was coming to visit us) and he did not turn up.  After having waited for him for some time     (about an hour) I called him up, to be told that he did not intend to come as he was feeling tired.
847    When my friend promised that she would come to my place, and did not turn up - I was annoyed at her.
848    I was having an argument with my brother on his behavior, then we  started fighting and I got annoyed at him because he started teasing me.
849    When I failed the M.S.C exams.
850    A few months ago when I was teaching, I suddenly became very angry at the children and slapped some of them.
851    When I was at S.Y.Bajaj I wanted to get admission in another college and this was not easy and I felt angry. 
852    One of my friends asked me to go shopping with her, another friend of hers was also coming along.  During the outing they kept talking to each other and I felt left out, even when I tried to talk to them they seemed not to listen to me and did not pay me much attention.
853    I am separated from my husband.  The way he has behaved towards me makes me angry.
854    A girl whom I trusted and with whom I had shared personal, confidential matters twisted the facts and told it to a common friend of ours.  When this common friend told me the version my friend had told her, I was angry.
855    One morning I was standing at the bus-stop and the bus passed by without stopping, even though there were only 8-10 passengers inside.  I felt angry at the rude behaviour of the bus driver and  conductor.
856    I was not given a chance to explain to my close relatives as to why I could not go to visit them when they were ill.  When I did go, they thought that I had been selfish and irresponsible duringtheir illness.
857    Uncleaniness at my work place.  The place is generally not very clean, but when it reaches a point, I get angry at the person who is supposed to clean the place and the people who are supposed to supervise him.
858    When the others did not do their bit of work on a group assignment task, and I had to do all the work.
859    When I was insulted by a man.
860    When I was blamed for some of my attributes which are very often misunderstood, especially when one is very frank.
861    When a relative, who had come to our place, created untidyness and dirtyness.
862    My friend and I were to attend a very important meeting and he had promised to come and pick me up.  But he did not turn up and I felt very angry at him.
863    I was very angry one day when my husband ignored me and slept      on a separate bed.  He had no reasons to doubt me or to neglect me and I had never imagined that he could do such a thing.
864    I remember that when I was in school I saw a case of partiality - one of the teachers gave private coaching classes to some girls and she would give these girls extra attention in class and would ignore the others.
865    [ This emotion has never been an intense one, that makes it difficult to recall it.]
866    I experience this emotion quite often but the day I was most angry was the day I got pulled up for something I had not done.  It happened during my school days, I had not spoken a word in class but the monitor had written my name on the board.  So I had a remark in my callender which I had to get signed by my parents.  This remark resulted in me being spanked.
867    A new gas connection was to be installed and the mechanic who came to do it was very rude to my mother and me.  I rushed to thhe dealer with my mother and had a fight with the dealer as he seemed to be unreasonable and was taking the mechanic's side.  Ultimately the matter was resolved after my father went and spoke to him.  The mechanic was asked to apologize.
868    When I saw a few people beating a man who seemed to be a stranger.
869    Despite our good performance and excellent results the management refused to meet our demands.
870    One day my elder brother badly scolded my father.  This was the first time that I heard such abusive language from my brother.  I requested him humbly not to use this kind of language but he did not care for what I was saying.  Finally I picked up an axe to use against him, in the meanwhile people intervened.
871    When I was doing research a few months ago, I had asked the Institute to sponsor me for a computer course which was held in TISS.  However, because of the administrative officer I could not get the money.
872    [ On discovering the red-tapism and the bureaucratic, corrupt, decadent, degenerated infrastucture of every public utility, office and service; and the rampant corruption at every single level of education and other institutions.]
873    I felt angry when repeated pleas to the ticket collector and the co-passengers in order to make a queue fell on deaf ears.  I have this feeling whenever someone is not disciplined and methodic in doing his duty.
874    I was travelling from Delhi to Bombay.  I had booked a seat one month back and I had also got a telegram confirming this.  However, in the train my name had been omitted from the reservation sheet, and the one seat that was still vacant was alloted to another person who paid for it despite my requests for the seat.  I was allowed to stay in the reserved compartment when I paid money.
875    I had made an error in planning a programme and had publicly accepted the mistake, despite repeated requests not to bring the matter for discussion a professor kept constantly passing remarks. I reacted angrily. 
876    A few days back a friend of mine poked me in the ribs for fun's sake, though I had warned him an infinite number of times that it really hurts me, he did it again.  I usually ignore this but this time I flared up for a split second and threatened to bash him up.  This is the latest incident when I lost my temper, though I felt very bad about it later.
877    When I was punished in school for no serious mistake of mine.
878    One day my room-mate started imitating me, doing what I had done a few hours back.  I got very angry and started beating him up.
879    This was the worst incident of my hostel life.  I was insulted by a close friend of mine on the eve of the New year and it totally spoiled my New year's night.
880    Once a friend had pushed me and I had fallen on to a window which then broke.  I was taken to tthe principal's office and he accused me of having broken the window.
881    During the short period of my unemployment about six years back.
882    When I was dancing with a dame at a social, one of my friends who  was interested in her came and took her away from me.  I was really angry with him then.
883    Once I had an argument with my friends and I knew that I was right.  My friends went on arguing with me even though they did not know the right thing.
884    [ During my childhood when I could not get what I wanted from my brother/sister and parents.]
885    [ Ther are many instances which are all equally irritating.]
886    Sometime ago I felt very angry when my mother wrote me telling me that my elder sister was messing up things at home by her internalised aggressive attitude towards parents and her husband.
887    Somebody wanted to beat my brother at a wedding ceremony and I was trying to protect my brother but the other man was calling names to both of us.
888    It happened that my brother promised to give me money for school and then he told me that he had failed to fulfil his promise a day before school started. I became so angry for I thought my future would be ruined.
889    Somebody was blaming me of a story which was not real and not true.
890    We were just about to go into the Exam room and I didn't see all my writing materials plus the identification card from the place where I left them.
891    An old lady slipped and nobody helped her.
892    Insulted by disgusting people.
893    My class leader told me I am not chosen for your English lectures.
894    People not cueing in the dining hall.
895    A classmate told me I must have bribed the class leader to let me go to your English lecture.
896    Insulted by some stupid people.
897    I was most angry when India lost the Triangular Cricket trophy held in Australia.  I was so angry that I fought (orally) with my friend.
898    When my neighbours accused my brother of stealing their rose-bush, I was very angry as he had not touched it at all.
899    I missed an opportunity to go abroad because of some silly mistakes for which I had to suffer a lot.
900    When I got low marks in B.Sc final.
901    This also happened when I was very small.  I was beaten up by my  mother for no fault of mine, I had just beaten up my younger brother for what I thought was his fault.  I was very angry with my mother.
902    I was very angry when my friend lost my practical's journal, which I needed to study for the exams.
903    When I was teased by my friend for not scoring good marks in the exams.
904    I wanted to go to Bhopal for relief work (gas tragedy).  My boss simply refused to let me go, I was so angry that the only thought that came to my mind was to quit the job.
905    I was the compere at a party and all my efforts to get the show rolling were thwarted by the immobile, non co-operative guests.  I felt frustation - bordering on anger.
906    [ When bad and disgusting language is uttered by people, or when someone tries to show what is beyond his own capacities.]
907    When an acquaintance of mine beat up another person for no just reason, and thus showed off his power.
908    I felt angry when my only pair of trousers was stolen and could not be able to find out who the thief was or anyone who knew about the story.
909    My young brother took my wristwatch in my abscence and sold it to his friend at a cheaper price.
910    There is a mad boy in our village. This boy hit me with a raw paw-paw in the face.
911    I once caught a letter in my girlfriend's handbag from a certain man. I felt anger.
912    A certain Area Party Secretary came home in the morning and said we had to leave our home and build somewhere and the reason being that they wanted to establish a market. The Chairman knew nothing about it and was very angry.
913    It was in March 1985 when one of my fellow students borrowed my wristwatch and after sometime he broke a glass of that watch I got angry when he was telling me but the anger didn't take long to fade.
914    The emotion came when a certain boy opened my locker without my knowledge.
915    This situation happened when my friend John ate my banana which I kept in the cupboard.
916    I felt angry when I was told that I had not been selected to go to the University.
917    My girlfriend mentioned a certain girl's name who was my girl some time back and she is no longer mine that she said she was still mine.
918    My lovely girlfriend double-crossed me and so that I found her chatting with another guy.
919    I was angry when I heard that my only girl was going about with another man. So I decided to drop her but later the story came to be untrue.
920    When I was charmed by my relatives.
921    I felt angry when I heard that my sister had failed the Examinations which we hoped she was going to pass with distinctions.
922    I was very angry when I heard that my brother was beaten by his friends.
923    I planned to travel a distance of 20 kilometres on my bike. I planned this when I was working in the hospital. When I went to the house I found that a friend had taken my bike without my consent.
924    I was very angry when one day I went to see my girlfriend I talked to her and could not answer back. She was depressed for reasons which were not known to me.
925    I once was accused of falling in love with someone's girlfriend which was not true because the girl was just a friend of mine.
926    It was when my Instructor awoke me late at night to get prepared for the training at Military college when he was coming back from his personal social activities.
927    I experienced this when one of my friends reported to the Headmaster that I had gone out for beer, whilst the information was not true at all. So I had to fight the friend before the Headmaster.
928    I was once this week angry when soemone trying to compress my mind due to his nonsense speech which himself could not tolerate at all.
929    It was when my friend had stolen my money (K10) and had disappeared.
930    I felt very angry after one driver had run over my beloved niece.
931    When I heard that I was not to be provided with another pair of medical uniform.
932    An incident occurred to me when I was going home with my girlfriend. On the way, a man named Banda grabbed my girlfriend in my presence. I was really angry with him and as a result I threw stones at him and he ran away.
933    When they put the blame on me when I scored the third goal at the match.
934    It was at Malawi Army, Dormer Squadron, when some of my workmates got promoted to Seargents (sgts); we were having similar Ranks.
935    When I was doing my last year at Secondary School I was robbed of my clothes, wristwatch and my pair of shoes. After investigations it was found that all the things were stolen by one of the boys in our hostel.
936    When a classmate hit me on my occipital region when I was busy studying and concentrating on my classnotes.
937    One day I was really angry when all my food was eaten by a dog. My anger was against my mother because she was careless. She didn't keep the food in a hidden and proper place.
938    I was angered by a classmate who poured soup on to my clothes. He was trying to use a short-cut method in getting his supper. Coming behind my back, he wasn't noticed by me and as I was retreating from a hungry congested people I knocked his plate with my head. He didn't accept being wrong but blamed me for pouring his soup.
939    Someone told a lie that I had stolen his money.
940    There was a cup final match between Limbe Leaf Wanderers and Silver Strikers and someone promised to give me some money for admission fee to watch this game. Unfortunately he did not give me.
941    Brother took my money to use for his own purposes.
942    When someone took my writing materials yet I was to write Examinations in a few minutes.
943    I felt angry at one time when I was chatting with friends and suddenly another friend joined us and started opposing any comment I added to our chatting.
944    My best friend started moving out with my boyfriend. When I heard this my heart sank because I didn't expect that my own good friend could do such a thing, so I got angry.
945    This was when my boyfriend told me that I was double-crossing him with a certain boy.
946    When a little brother of mine damaged a cassette.
947    During the Xmas holiday, I and my best friend at Secondary School had planned to meet at a Cultural afternoon at the Mt. Soche Hotel after missing each other for such a long time. When I asked my mother for permission, she told me not to go for no good reason. I felt very angry with her.
948    One day I was angry with my friend who went into my drawer and took a piece of paper on which I wanted to write a letter and used it for her business without my knowledge.
949    Last week a friend of mine called on me and said I was moody and difficult to persuade. With this I got angry with her.
950    When I damaged my wristwatch which I liked very much.
951    It was during the beginning of the term. I had K100 and kept it in my handbag. I left the handbag in the wardrobe but didn't lock it. Next time I found that K30 were stolen.
952    I went to a fair where a guy who was drunk kept bothering me and in the end I got really angry.
953    I wrote an Exam and happened to have not done as well as I thought I would. I was angry to myself for not having done so well.
954    I was angry when someone stole a magazine which I had borrowed from another friend and locked it in a drawer.
955    I was angry when my friends said that I should not receive Nursing Science books because there was a rumour that I was intending to leave the college.
956    I was angry when somebody stole my half petticoat.
957    A tailor ran away with my skirt.
958    Sometime back another girl who was in terms with my ex-boyfriend came to shout at me at twelve midnight. It was because she thought I was still interested in the boy.
959    I was furious when the teacher pointed out in class that I was the quietest girl in class.
960    I was angry when my boyfriend did not turn up as promised.
961    I had been in love with a certain young man who pretended to love me but one day I found out that he had another girlfriend who was also a friend of mine.
962    The headmistress at a secondary school accused me of banging the classroom door when I didn't in front of the whole class.
963    When my dress was stolen.
964    I was angry at the Cafeteria when the cook scolded and said many bad things about me without reason. He thought I was among the girls who did him wrong.
965    When a certain boy went about saying that I am his girlfriend. I wrote him an insulting letter to him and called him names.
966    A certain man went to my parents and told them that I was married here, when I am here at school. When I went home for holidays my parents asked me about it and I was angry with that man.
967    I was angry the other day because the teacher told me to sweep some orange peels. It was my friends who were supposed to sweep, but the teacher told me to do it.
968    I was angry when I had not been granted a leave out pass during the last weekend.
969    Somebody took my wristwatch and promised to have it mended and later was telling me that he couldn't give it back to me because I was rude at a certain time.
970    The patient whom I expected to get well suddenly passed away after he showed had his meals.
971    I was so angry with a patient who refused to take drugs.
972    I felt angry when my friend told me that I had stolen her money.
973    One of my friends went and told another friend of mine that I was going abut with another guy in Lilongwe besides the one I had. She said I was seen with him hand in hand.
974    It was when I discovered that my boyfriend had another girl. I discovered it through a letter he wrote to the girl when he was away. When I asked him he accepted it.
975    Made mistakes in exam.
976    My friend misunderstood me.
977    Listening to long speech of the party leaders wasting my time.
978    My bed sheet (present of my parents) damaged by roommate.
979    South Korea winning more gold medals in the Asian Olympic (more than China).
980    Too many people in TV room, I was not able to get a seat to watch TV.
981    I could not find my monthly tickets for the bus when I was on the bus.
982    Bus conductor insulted me for not buying a ticket (I forgot).
983    Saw in the TV South Korea cheating in the Asian Olympic games.
984    South Korea cheating for gold medals.
985    Overhear people talking about me and saying that I am stupid.
986    Someone called me a disgusting nickname.
987    A friend forgot his appointment with me.
988    Misunderstood deliberately by a close friend.
989    My roommate was rude to me.
990    I was told to do something I did not want to do.
991    Insulted by teacher.
992    A classmate damaged ma iron and tried to hide the damage.
993    Korean judges cheating.
994    Heard about someone telling lies about me to my best friend.
995    My class leader told me the university won't let all of us go to your lectures because we are not All English Class.
996    My parents do not like my friend and told me not to go out with him.
997    Being sexually assulted on a bus.
998    Being insulted in public.
999    Misunderstood by a close friend for the wrong reason.
1000    Made a statement that other people did not believe.
1001    Being put down by the class leaders.
1002    Finding out that I was deceived by a friend.
1003    Bought something bad from the shop and they refused to change it.
1004    Saw some young people fighting for seats on a bus.
1005    Falling in love although she is my friend (angry with myself).
1006    I wanted to borrow lecture notes from a friend and he did not lend me them.
1007    Insulted for no reason.
1008    Told by some people the class leader only choose his friends (not true).
1009    Failed to be elected to be a class leader.
1010    Had an argument with my classmate for borrowed books.
1011    Being refused to attend the neuropsychology lecture in the medical university.
1012    Someone told me we are not as good as the All English Class.
1013    Found out that someone I knew well has been misunderstanding me for 2 years.
1014    Being insulted in front of my parents, and they believed other people (those insulting me).
1015    Some classmates said I did not do enough social work. Therefore I was not elected as a "Tree Good" student.
1016    Being insulted by my roommate (she is in the English Class).
1017    Saw my unfair report.
1018    My roommate being unconsiderate.
1019    Punished by a leader.
1020    Finding out about some girls who have been nice to the class leader in order to go to the neuropsychology lectures (English ones).
1021    Had an insulting letter from my father.
1022    Someone talking about me at my back.
1023    Being told that I have not got a personality.
1024    Insulted by other people in the shop.
1025    Being mistreated by other people.
1026    Being told that I am a stupid person.
1027    Being sexually assulted on a bus and noone helped (people only laughed).
1028    Some boys deliberately played tricks on me in the experiments.
1029    Your prejudice against psychology students and education students (not allowing us to go to the medical university lectures).
1030    Being insulted in public for the wrong reason.
1031    Misunderstood by friends.
1032    Some foreign students playing loud music before the biology examn.
1033    Quarreling with classmates.
1034    Someone told me that I was chosen for English lectures because the class leader is going out with me (not true).
1035    My best friend betrayed me and told other people my secrets.
1036    Being insulted by my roommate.
1037    People not resprcting my opinion.
1038    Being insulted on a bus.
1039    My parents do not like my friend and told me to stay away from him.
1040    I quarrelled with my brothers (twins) at home on saturday.  One of them studies in a private school and the other one is repeating his form five.  They do not know what they are doing.  They follow every word of their teachers, books and systems.  They always try to rationalize their bad acts by some game and they are satisfied with their awkward life.  I have tried to persuade them very often but have failed.  This time I had a fight as they have no voluntary spirit (they did not polish the floor).
1041    I had left a student newspaper of the Chinese university on the table of the library.  It had disappeared when I came back.
1042    I had too much homework and examinations and I did not know how to organize my work.
1043    In the student's union there was someone who took the photocopies of two large volumes.  I asked him to let me take a few, he refused it for an acceptable reason. 
1044    Last week, my organization summoned an executive meeting and one of the executive member's pointed out a loop hole in the committee's administration.  He could not suggest any improvements, so I quarrelled with him.
1045    When I was concentrating on my work, my friend disturbed me continously.  I asked him to stop but in vain.
1046    I had planned to study for my mid-term exams on a certain day and  my room-mate called me to ask me to go out for a stroll.  I tried to make an excuse so as not to go out but she refused to listen to me and insisted that I go out with her.  I find it unnecessary  to talk to her anymore.
1047    The trick was really intolerable.  They hid it, and I was worried and restless all day.  When I saw them I really wanted to slap each one of them.
1048    I was scolded by my mother for no reason.
1049    I had a date with a friend to see a movie and my friend was late.  I waited for a long hour and was very angry.
1050    [ No response.]
1051    [ No response.]
1052    Before the certificate examination I was very poor in Biology (the worst result in my class).  Ever since F.5 it had been getting poorer and poorer.  I had tried my best and had spent most of my time studying this subject.  Finally my results were so bad that I thought that it was just not fair.
1053    Before the department meeting my friend ate a dish that I had prepared for this meeting.
1054    My elder brother often criticizes my mother's cooking.  Once he did it very impolitely and lost his temper.  This made all of us very sad.  I was very angry and I scolded him.  He asked me not to interfere with what was his buisness.
1055    Mr C took my drawing pens, without having asked for my permission first, and lost them.  He did not tell me about it till I asked him and then did not try to find them.
1056    My cassmate laughed at me when I was being scolded by the teacher.
1057    [ No response.]
1058    When I was studying in the library - preparing for a test, two people sitting next to me talked to each other for 20 minutes.  There were no other seats so I could not go elsewhere and I did   not want to interrupt them, so I could only be angry in my heart.
1059    One night I could not practise my violin as my family was watching T.V with the lights off, so I wanted to listen to some tapes.  It was dark so I asked my brother to bring me a torch, however he scolded me.  I was so angry that I slammed my violin on the floor.
1060    When I came back to my hostel, my bed was full of newspapers and dirty clothes.  My room-mate asked me to wash the clothes for him as he had no time (this was his responsibility).  The food we shared had been eaten up by him (I ate little).
1061    My classmate always borrowed my notes and would not return it to me on time.  When I had a test she was selfish and irresponsible and so delayed my studies.
1062    I gave tutorial to a student and I found that he was lazy, he did not pay attention to what I taught.  He did some easy questions wrong deliberately.
1063    My classmate used her personal relations to get a seat for a subject that I wanted also.  I had taken the pains to help him apply and I did not get selected.  I did not like this as he had not told me the facts earlier, he need not have lied to me.
1064    Something was stolen.
1065    My intimate girlfriend told me that her father was opposed to our relationship  and had insulted my integrity.
1066    Someone played a trick on me.
1067    I worked with several classmates on a project.  I was very anxious about the project while my partners showed no concern  and when we had meetings on the project my classmates  did not pay any attention.  Some of them read books while the others argued on irrelevant questions.  The meeting would go on for two hours without the main theme being discussed.  We wasted time and could not reach a compromise.  My classmates avoided doing the work and the responsibilities, they seemed to value other projects more than this one.
1068    My girlfriend disliked it when I played majong (a game of gambling).  I expressed my regrets and when I went to see her she neglected my existance.  I was very angry and left in displeasure.
1069    During a football match, the other team was rude and they hurt my team members and me.  The coach was prejudiced against us and punished us unreasonably.  Later we fought with each other and the match had to be cut short.
1070    Yesterday I read in the newspaper that a 30 year old woman had abused her 2 month old son and had caused his death.  I was very angry after reading this as this is not a human act and to abuse so fragile a life is not a forgivable sin.
1071    [ Whenever I put myself in other's shoes and try to make the person happy, comfort him or make friends and I am misunderstood and rejected, especially when this person is a family member or a friend.]
1072    When I learnt that a friend of mine had talked about me to another friend and had said wrong things about my abilities and attitudes.  I was very angry.
1073    One day, I discussed a very important question with A.  A suddenly declared that he would not accept my position and thought that he himself was right.  Moreover, he attacked  strongly, not my opinion but me personally.
1074    Once my father slapped my mother for a small quarrel.
1075    A female classmate was always late for meetings which were for the homework and not social gatherings.  We were very busy and the deadline was close but we had to waste half an hour or an hour waiting for her as we could do nothing else then.
1076    One day I had sunned my favourite shirt and was putting it back in the wardrobe when my younger brother snatched it from me and wore it.  He had not had a bath and was very dirty.  I scolded him but he answered back and locked himself up in a room.  I was very angry so I starteed kicking on the door and abusing him loudly and freely.
1077    I had a very good friend in secondary school.  The year after our graduation I prepared to celebrate her birthday and I called off all my appointments.  I got together the other friends and we were ready to give the entire day to her.  However this friend disappeared on her birthday.  When I phoned another friend I didcovered thay she was busy, I did not call her anymore.
1078    My sister once stole my mother's money and made her very angry.  After this my mother would beat her up for unreasonable reasons.  One day my sister lent her book to a friend without telling my mother about it.  When my mother learnt this she beat her up and even threatened her with a pair of scissors.  
1079    When I was in F4 I played a basket-ball match against another school's team.  One of their team members kicked a team-mate of mine so I kicked him back and we had a fight with each other.
1080    I had a date with my girlfriend, the time and place had not been fixed.  I asked her to phone me an hour later as it was midnight and I did not want to disturb her family.  I waited several hours for her call, she did not call me that night.
1081    I was a prefect at secondary school.  On the sports day I told others that I would take down the names of the people who misbehaved and after some time I sat down for a brief rest.  Suddenly the head prefect came and scolded me in front of others.  I was very angry as there were other prefects sitting and he picked on me.  I thought that a brief rest was not  serious enough to be blamed.
1082    When I got into a bus I found that my wallet had been stolen. It was not a great loss from the monetary point of view but I lost some documents - identity papers.  As a result I had to spend several days in order to get a new one.  I will always remember all the work I had to do and the bad treatment I suffered because of the bureaucratic behaviour of the civil servant.  I had already had bad luck and they treated me like a criminal.   At one point of time I really wanted to quarrel with them.
1083    The day the results of the Chinese university was announced I should have been very happy; however my grandmother, because of  her prejudice and misunderstanding, started a  quarrel with my mother.  She expected me to take her side and she deliberately talked of my mother's wrong doings.  I was very angry because - one my grandmother was not being reasonable and two because it should have been a happy day and three we had moved into a new house that day.
1084    Last week I had planned to play tennis and had booked a tennis court.   However when I arrived at the university gym the clerk told me that the court was being used for lessons.
1085    My friend often played a joke on me and sometimes I thought that he was a nonsensical person. Once when we went to a friend's house he walked in first and shut the door firmly behind him.  I felt that he did not respect me and moreover I was his friend so he should not have behaved like that.  I was very angry (as it is I was in a bad mood then).
1086    We had fixed time for practice as we had to participate in the inter-department song contest.  I arrived and found that there was nobody there.  When I went to the canteen I found them eating lunch.  I was so angry that I aired my greviances to one of them and then left.
1087    Whenever my father smokes the smell makes me feel very uncomfortable.  He never listens to my complaints and I curse him furiously in my mind.  I cannot solve this problem by violence because of traditional moral values.  
1088    I came across a girl at the school bus-stop, I had seen her several friends as she was a friend's friend.  However my friend had never introduced me to her and when she got off the bus I smiled at her but she did not respond pretending not to have seen me.  Her arrogant behaviour made me sick and angry.
1089    My friend half-teasingly called me a bad nickname.  I felt insulted and kicked his hip in anger.  I was stable later and did not feel angry at him.  In fact I was afraid that the other friends who were with us would think that I was an intolerant person.  However I could not apologize, so I pretended that nothing had happened and smiled when I left.  My friend did not say anything but just watched me leave.
1090    Someone spread rumours about me.
1091    When I saw that my bed at the hostel was a mess I guessed that someone else had used my daily necessities.  I felt that my  personal sanity had been affected.
1092    The surname of my brother was different from ours.  He often grinned at home and provoked others for the pleasure of it.  This made me angry.
1093    In September 1984, I was forced to live with someone I did not like.  The first week we were at loggerheads and our conversation was like a debate.  The atmosphere was very bad.  When he learnt that I had got 95 marks in a test he told me " A failure, You lost 5 marks."   I was very angry, not because my marks were lower than his, but because I could not tolerate his pride.  I did not show my discontentment and carried on doing my work.
1094    Two years back someone invited me to be the tutor of her grand-daughter.  The grand-daughter asked me some questions in mathematics so I taught her.  However she did not listen to me and this made me feel unhappy.  The second year it was the same.  When I entered university the girl's parents suggested that I be employed as their daghters tutor.  They told me that at university  there was no homework and I would have a lot of time so they made a time-table  for me which required me to be the tutor five days a week.  They did not respect me and anyway I had another child to teach.
